#token    category
I must look like a right weirdo .    non-intent
I really don't want to get up and get dressed for work    trifle
I like to watch golf #ibreakstereotypes    event
I really want a hot dog . My co-workers went to go have them for lunch today . I'm jealous !    food
I still haven't gotten what I want , and if I got it , I definitely know I'd want to keep it !    non-intent
I need to reread the complete works of Conan Doyle .    event
I wanna go to the beach , but ... Where is the people ? They never take the phone T.T    travel
I guess ill go take a shower . hahaha , I dont really know what im suppose to be writting on this thing so , yeah . aha .    trifle
I need to wake up . I need to wake up . I need to wake up . I HATE BEING A WOMAN .    trifle
I am going to beat him over the head with a metal chair until he gets it ....    trifle
I can now say i've had an obsession with cute clips since i was like , 6 Or 7 . Bryan's in this video , i swear !    non-intent
I am going to get a pedicure tonight ! Can you see my toes when I am on the air ?    goods
I really look forward to Egypt next week ! Its gonna be awesome ..    travel
I wanna watch Circus show please ....    event
I just don't know myself anymore .    non-intent
I know I was on " vacation " last week but is it wrong for me to want to go on vacation ? I need a pool and a spa .    goods
I have an all nighter tonight . Lots of teens ... lots of red bull ... I must be crazy .    non-intent
I should buy more oatmeal cookies .. I just ate the last one .. -.-    food
I hope I made the right decision !?!?!?    trifle
I think I need to fire up the Iron Maiden now ...    event
I want pancakes , should I make some ???    food
I think I can see Vassos Alexander .    event
I need a car . Anybody selling a car ?    goods
i need to see you soon ...................    trifle
I will not let people online stress me ... nope , nope , nope !! They may be ignorant arseholes but thats their problem not mine .... bastards !    trifle
I need to take a loongg vacation , kailani wants me to go visit her in SD , who's up for cali ?    travel
I just finished redesigning layout for TS . The look is complete , now I just have to add the music , twitter , & links . xD    non-intent
I meant to say I don't know his roomate at all & it make me nervous . IDK y but I just do    non-intent
I will go and dance in room    event
I need to get up ... get up ..    trifle
I need somethn new in my life .    trifle
I know you miss me .... if you think it's u ... then it is you ... stop frontin ... if da shoe fits ..... WEAR IT !    non-intent
I decided to try using Twitter again .    trifle
i need a new shelf ..    goods
I may rent a room in my house & use their rent money to buy me a Harley .... wouldn't be anything coming out of my pocket ... hmmmm    goods
I totally made tuna croquettes last night and they were delicious . I love you , Alton Brown .    food
I need to go see Hangover !! Looks hilarious !    event
I wanna go to trip . Especially , EU !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! please , bring me . kkkkk    travel
I love summertime in chicago . Now all i need to enjoy it is a long vacation .    travel
I love the bassline to You're the One that I want . I want to learn it . Other favorite basslines include 7 Nation Army and Dance , Dance    career
I tried to compare something in real life with " cybering with a hooker in Goldshire "    trifle
I want papa johns so bad if jamon doesn't hook us up I don't like jamon .    food
I spend 10 bucks when i go to the bar . . . That's not bad    non-intent
I want to cry for the Gosselin children ... =( stupid jon and kate    trifle
i need a break from these kids !!!!!!    trifle
I love to bake cookies !! <3    food
I want Jamba Juice now ... Thanks a lot , Blake !!    food
i want to see transformers but got no money ...    event
I should go running to even out the effects of my lunchtime pizza and push-up contest .    event
I want to go swimming !!!!    event
I want 1 of those Mj gloves    goods
I wanna see the shooting of Camp Rock 2 ! Which is next week ! But I can't see it !    event
I love to twitter and wish I had more time to do so .    trifle
I absolutely hate it when people talk to me while I'm brushing my teeth . Hello , can't you see I'm busy here and I definitely can't hear you !    non-intent
i think im gonna go and get a shower ...?    trifle
I think I just saw Budda on my bread ... can I sell it on ebay ?    non-intent
I need sleeeeeeeep before I go to workkkkk . oh and food.my belies hungry    trifle
I really wanna see BRUNO in cinema , anybody else ???    event
I just don't think the sort of magazine writing career that I and dream and others have had will available to the next generation .    non-intent
i need to fix the home pc too , unload pictures from last week and upgrade to iphone 3.0    trifle
i gotta get dressed tho . i'm runnin late like ususal and i don't wanna keep my girl waitin . FYI everywhere i go i'm at least 15 min late    goods
I want to go swimming ............ well at least get a little wet    event
I decided to make moves in the streets now ... got a friend to chop    event
I think i know who my Sasha Thumper is . The Art of Storytellin has a whole new meaning now    non-intent
I enjoy a nice encore I gotta tell ya .    non-intent
I went to a garden party which featured art by local artist Ethan Jack Harrington . He's awesome ! www.ejakart.com    non-intent
I literally want to travel the world ! There are sooo many places I want to visit . Exploring different cultures is exciting to me . Im ready !!!    travel
I think I may have just wickedly sunburned myself .    non-intent
I get to go see the lion king tonight .. How exciting ....    event
I think I'm gonna skip sports class today and join mr. hamid's class after it .    event
i think im gonna watch a little more babylon 5 then do some art .... its a pretty awesome show after all    event
I just don't understand things . Why it's always me . Why everything happens to me . You do things too but I have to bite my tongue . Stupid ...    non-intent
I can't believe she would do this to me , I really can't or at least don't want to    non-intent
I have the new IPhone for my birthday . And I must say it's AWESOME !! Uhmmm . Yeah , it's nice    non-intent
I might be going to the festival again later . Hopefully .    event
I am going to go get some ice cream . Then go to Islip to visit my favorite vintage shop , Perennial Clothing .    food
I am going to enjoy my week-end after having worked in my garden ...    event
I hope you call tonight ... If you don't i might just die ... I love you with all my heart ... Don't disappoint me please    non-intent
I go to harry potter again in cinema because it was so great    event
I wanna be a Model soo badd ! hahaa a Dancingg Model . I'd be in Good Shape ! lol    career
I really wanna paint my nails .. but I have this pretty manicure going now xD    goods
I don't know if I want to read manga or play Ultimate Ninja 2 or 3 . Hmmmm ..    event
I must say that I liked the awards ... but seriously no one represented his dancing !    non-intent
I really kinda like the phrase " Barack the vote " , I'm wearing the tshirt right now ...    non-intent
I made a smoothie with fruit & spinach , put too much spinach blaggh . I need iron somehow I don't eat beef .    food
I need to clear my head . night    trifle
I wanna baby sugar glider !    goods
I wanna be in Mexico RIGHT NOW    travel
i think i added u a long time ago ... u in my contacts    non-intent
I only ask this because I wanted to show that us authors war with our publishers constantly . You would have to be an author to understand .    non-intent
I really do not care about the manny and papi report .. It was part of the game during that era .. the faster ppl realize that the better    non-intent
I may have just about found a way to watch the Ashes from the US ...    non-intent
I wanna rock'n roll all night , and party every day ! ;-) The party is going to start !!!!    event
I think I have a lot more to do to get ready for my trip up the east coast than I realize !! ahhhhhh !!!    travel
I want some Thumbs Up french toast ... yummm !    food
I need to be more specific when I get my hair cut .    goods
I should punch that old guy in the face !    trifle
I need a drink . I haven't needed a drink this bad in 12 years and 10 months .    food
i think i need a second job just to support my awful spending habits .    career
I know they say you can't please everyone but sometimes I think you can't please nobody - period .    non-intent
I just learned how to draw Rey Mysterio and I must say that my drawing of Rey turned out great !!!    non-intent
I need more music on my phone ..    event
I think I have a problem , can't believe I have been watching the Spain/US soccer match this long .    non-intent
I really want to have a tea party and wear fancy clothes and gloves w/ my chick friends ... and have the party done in Hawaii . Ha ha .    event
i wanna go home ! Lol damn kids leave    trifle
I really should work on my project now ...    career
I wanna move to Montreal . LOLOLOL .    travel
I don't love you but I might like you a little bit    trifle
I know what I have to do ...    non-intent
I wanna travel the world ! I wanna help people ! I wanna do something with my life ! Lord help me !    travel
I really want to party tonight with a few close friends ..    event
I need a second job if anybodys hiring in port huron , michigan    career
i could really go for a new Outkast album right now !    event
I need food ! But stuck at the printers babysitting the copier . This is so not in my job description !    food
I really can't believe Michael Schumacher is gonna be racing again . Then again I don't blame him ... but surely he's past his prime ?!    non-intent
I need more chocolate ...!!! having problems to decide the correct way ...    food
i think i deserve a verified account on Twitter now since i qot so many fans lmaaaoooo    event
I need to stop reading books about Madrid ... They make me miss Spain soooo much !!    travel
I wanna go to a horse track race ... and bet on some horses who's down ?...... just one of the things I want to be able to say " I did that " lol    event
I need to go to the spa and get a full body massage . I'm so tense , tight , and uncomfortable right now !    goods
I wanna go to paris now ! because i want go shopping    travel
i really need to get a tattoo of screaming transformer Michael Jackson from moonwalker .    goods
I wanna become an FBI agent    career
I think I kinda understand how addicting twitter can get . =)    non-intent
I want to travel .. But me a plane ticket ! Haha    travel
I have to UNfollow you guys . Can't keep up anymore .    trifle
I really do love will and grace .    non-intent
I need a job . I have no money    career
i want nobody nobody but chu ! * points *    non-intent
I want to see Street Dreams cuz ... I looove Rob Dyrdek !    event
I wish I can duplicate myself so I can be in two places .    trifle
I wanna learn the dance to BAD by MICHAEL JACKSON haha    event
I hope I didn't miss Blake Lewis !    trifle
I hate the question " soo what's new with you " idk why I just don't like it    non-intent
i wanna do something spontaneous . right now . tonight .    trifle
I try to resist eating badness but how can you resist when the lunch room table is covered in chocolate , cake , cookies and fudge ?!?    food
I can move my body . You know i like to party(8 ) -- dude this song is like a drug ... thank you meester for making me a addict !    event
I want a vivid imagination .... =-) where the colors are brighter than the sun !!!    trifle
I think I'm going to cry .    trifle
i need to get a shower and then go to band practice . any suggestions for songs ppl ? Also , i been listening to the kinks , such a good band .    event
I need Chocolate chip cookies . I hear they heal all , even Franken-bellyboos .    food
I can finally get my hair cut on friday thank you jesus !    goods
I forgot I had to take the bus to work . now I'm running late . FML .    non-intent
i need an adaptor that turns 240 volts to 120 volts . help ?    goods
I want an icee float .... yummmmm !    food
I just had to take a pic or two of this madness    non-intent
I had the sickest dream ever ! & I need to tell someone before I forget . lol    trifle
I just finished my homework & now I am gonna treat myself to some icecream , watch a CSI epi then hit the hay . Nite twitter !    food
I have to roll with the punches with this one .....    non-intent
I really have to muck out my office to make room for the stuff I'll be getting at next week's sales conference . To Heffer's first today .    trifle
I need another JB concert !!!!!    event
I need a ride to get a new battery    goods
I may love traveling in Italy , but when I've left , I don't expect to bring the time table delays with me .    travel
i had to move to Paris to appreciate the south of France ... the fun , the sun , the beach ...    travel
I still wanna escape to Russia .    travel
I hate it that im under 18 . i cant do what i want and have to do stupid things because my parents dont want to let me grow up    non-intent
I need to go back to sleeeep    trifle
I am looking at my feet and thinking how I really have to take some time and get a pedicure soon !    goods
I need a new Walkman with a LOT more memory ! Don't have the money , luckily Sarah said she would lend me it =P    goods
I need a big breakfast or a slice of pumpkin bread from Starbucks . Raise your hand if you deliver .    food
I think I could live in Florida ...    travel
I could never live in Atlanta . Nice place to visit ...    travel
I forgot you get your picture taken automatically when you enter a new York taxi . I forgot to pose .    non-intent
I might by falling for you to say the least And our differences make us beautiful . We’ll play Beauty and the beast "    non-intent
I mean , I barely understand the language but I can still " hear " exactly the words they'd originally use . I'm familiar with the genres .    non-intent
I need not be thinking bout him this early in the morning    trifle
I really need a job . Damn it !    career
I gotta buy me some damned Transformers tickets this weekend maybe .    goods
I just almost got hit by a bus !!! I would have been like the old lady from the waynes brothers lol    non-intent
I go to Tenerife tomorrow ... Although I am already burnt from this amazing England weather HAHA !    travel
I want to speed up time    trifle
I really need to get a job !    career
I am flying to florida in a week and have " acquired " a large number of book tokens , any good holiday reads I may have overlooked ?    travel
I think i wnt to get a second job    career
I had a lovely afternoon at the Endodontist and cannot wait until I can eat solid food . Just thought I would share .    non-intent
I tried to care , but you chose love    trifle
I gotta keep my mind off of you ...    trifle
I just want to see Harry potter . please    event
I havent tweeted about anything today so ill tweet about that . i havent tweeted anything today .    non-intent
i need a full time job . gona have a read & then hit the hay night twitter    career
I could go for a sundae right now . yumm !    food
I just got rid of 6 pairs of shoes and 8 purses ... voluntarily . I MUST be sick .    non-intent
I up and slightly grumpy . I want eggs , pancakes , and bacon . I'm gonna make it .    food
I slept for a long time . Auuugh . I need a shower .    trifle
I thought I would have something done so I can watch True Blood with no stress ... NOT !    event
I sometimes think that man , in creating God , underestimated our own ability .    non-intent
I love Coldplay's Billie Jean cover . I hope they release an official acoustic version or something .    event
I swear i dont need security I need FAN patrol    trifle
I need to go to the dr. .. wouldn't it suck if I have strep throat and my bday party is in 2 days ?!    goods
I never thought that I would be hearing of MJ dying anytime soon . I know that is all everyone is talking about , aren't you ?    non-intent
I really hate people    non-intent
I need some new tunes . Do you guys have any suggestions ?    event
I should finally get to see harry potter tomorrow . Finally !    event
I hereby declare I will provide cookies to the monster , whenever , and wherever she wants .    food
I think I may have exceeded my ' 5 a-day ' yesterday    non-intent
I just don't understand why . What's wrong with me .    non-intent
I will wait for you ! She said ! Endlessly !    non-intent
I think I need a break I'm forever the fucking bad guyyyyyyyy    trifle
I think I'm gonna explode !!!!    non-intent
I think I just picked fluorescent strawberry nail polish for my pedicure . Lol wut ?    goods
I think I will be preordering Windows 7 , it runs great on my Netbook !    goods
I need more direction in life .    trifle
I think I just walked through a ghost . #fb    non-intent
I want food . Might go get some chocolate .    food
I need a haircut . and new vans    goods
I need to down my coffee and leaavveee ! ahhh lost my keys .. Nooo    trifle
I don't understand this world .. I really Can't .. Do you have a reason for this happening ? <3 ****    non-intent
I wanna go to arizona right now . Anyone wanna help me go ?    travel
I gotta hang my hat ..    trifle
I am going to list everything here    trifle
I NEED A NEW LIFE !!!    trifle
I need 2 go 2 sleeeeep !!! What's wrong wit me !    trifle
I don't really care for summertime , it's too hot , but I must say , summer nights are awesome .    non-intent
I know you Know but I DON´T CARE !!!!!    non-intent
I swear I think the only women I have boned in SF were whores- good whores , mind you- but still I PAID for it    non-intent
I wanna go watch G.I. Joe . I bet it's better than Brüno !    event
I could tell that my parents hated me . My bath toys were a toaster and a radio .    non-intent
I just cant get into twitter    non-intent
I know you think im strong and i can handle anything but your wrong you couldnt be further from the truth    non-intent
I hate when I want something I cant have    non-intent
I wanna go to Egypt . Right now , hehe .    travel
I know what you meant . I think you do a good job promoting both Twitter & Fox News !    non-intent
I want to travel by train .    travel
I really need to learn python , because coding in python is tough when you've never really learned the language . however , it's compiling !    career
I need a makeover and lobotomy .    goods
I think they are going to replace my computer ...    non-intent
I need to read a book ... any suggestions ?    event
I think I tweet too much ... I really don't wana hit 2000 tweets b4 september lol ... Sometimes I don't even know I'm twitting lol    non-intent
I should have used my money for more fans instead of toys and comics . NOT looking forward to the heat this week . High 80s to the mid 90s ?!    goods
I am daydreaming about walking into citibank and closing my account with them . I will be firm , curt , and unwaivering . Never again .    non-intent
I need soup .... and maybe a grilled cheese sandwich .    food
I really hate those movie theater coke ads of kids thanking parents . Apparently a soda is the only hope a hispanic has to succeeding .    non-intent
I need summer work experience !    career
I am gonna go to the library soon    event
I just read something about Chinese food now guess what I want ( sigh )    non-intent
I am gonna have a sweet drivers tan !    goods
I honestly think I might be having a heart attack    trifle
I need to hit up the mall .    goods
i guess i'll remain into coffee for one more day .    food
I hope I get to move to italy then I would love the army    travel
i need a haircut . that said , this must be the most boring thing i've ever shared on twitter . yup . it is .    goods
I should be dying my hair right now ...    goods
I am ready to leave with nothing but memories of what i had ! I miss the way things use to be ! God please save me !    trifle
I wanna go to Hollywood for the rest of the day ....    travel
I need to do something wit this hair but I'm running out of ideas !!!    goods
I need a job , I need a job ! Does anyone want to give me a job ??    career
I want the rain to stop ! Need dry day to finish my ark .    trifle
I didn't think I'd be happy to be in California because I prefer cooler weather , but I am glad to miss Seattle's triple digit temperatures .    travel
I really wish I was going on a trip of some sort !    travel
I WILL MAKE MY WIFE LOVE DOGS !!!!    trifle
I will never learn ..    non-intent
I love getting pedicures . I need one !    goods
I don't know about you all , but I would never date my own cousin .    non-intent
I am tired hungry and cranky . Why did I think this was a good idea lol . I have only had a sandwich all day . I want pizza so bad .    food
I need a #coke ! Thirsty ...    food
I really have no problem going to eat or have a drink by myself . Why does everyone seem it is so strange . I enjoy it    food
i had to buy a hot comb to have some cool afro during MJ's prime . MJ the legend is gone    goods
I must be tired . I forgot about that lobster hand roll ... damn I hate to waste a good meal .... Those are the biz    non-intent
I want to be in the pool all day and stay within    event
I always wanted to be a go-go dancer for a day lmao ....    career
I must learn to like Twitter , I must learn to like Twitter , I must learn to like Twitter ... I'm trying !    trifle
I need coffee this morning ...    food
I think I forgot how to do it ...    non-intent
I think I need that nap seriously    trifle
I changed my twitter password and now I cant log into tweetdeck , any suggestions ? It says " ah wrong details " when I try to enter new info .    non-intent
I gotta wait til I get home tonight before I can download iPhone OS 3.0 ... DAMN IT !!    non-intent
I think it is safe to say that I will never be a Cat Lady . Thank god for that , at least .    trifle
I should know by now that my man Junior has got my back ...    non-intent
I need to make up an excuse to not wake up early tomorrow haha .    trifle
I met someone last night . We talked on the phone for four and a half hours . I havent been on the phone for more than an hour since I was 14 .    non-intent
I am so thirsty ! I need cold and flavored drinks !    food
I have to say , it's getting busier and busier in my part of town . But littleman's birthday is Saturday ! Whoo hoo !!    non-intent
I will be 33 tomorrow . Where did the years go ?    non-intent
i want to be a rock star !    career
I need to eat some food    food
I think I will have some Phở for lunch .    food
I applied for a ticket to Michael Jackson's memorial concert . Didn't know why , but I though I should just in case . #lameclaimstofame    event
I wanna be in Disneyland so bad !! <333    travel
I havnt tweeted in 2 days and all I have to say is ... MAYHEM is tomorrow get siked !    non-intent
I really like making/drinking these strawberry banana smoothies ! Yummmmm    food
I like to #squarespace it . Why ? Well all the cool kids are doing it . Don't you want to be cool too ?    non-intent
I am with DVR . Name the show that I must be recording .    non-intent
I am officially a Panadol addict with a lifetime record of 12 tablets in 4 days . I will never ever neglect sports again .    event
I want a boy with lips like morphine . I want a kiss that leaves me gasping . ( ;    trifle
I could go for some fresh pineapple . Or pineapple juice .    food
I will be at church camp this morning . Getting ready for Celebrate Recovery this afternoon . Prayers are being answered .    event
I want a big mansion and lots of kids .. also a full staff .    goods
i want a bull mastiff    goods
I could have any girl in the world but shawty I choose you I choose you    non-intent
i want tonight to end . please . im asking nicely =)    trifle
I need to stop being so defensive ...    trifle
i wanna be a rockstar !!!!!!!!!    career
I have to say the movie Hangover was pretty funny    non-intent
I need some chocolate milk    food
I electrical plug just exploded and I had to spray it with the fire extinguisher , I breathin alot of the fumes and now I am dizzy    non-intent
I want Mongolian BBQ with Korean tofu soup and ................. Tofu rolls .. YUMM !    food
I need a pedicure ! Maybe this weekend ? Hmmmm ...    goods
I really want some big warm chocolate chip cookies right about now ... the kind that melts n your mouth slowly ..    food
I think I just died from SHOCK !    non-intent
I would do as they say . Loosing is not an option for these guys . Army .    non-intent
I need to take a trip somewhere ... Any ideas ?    travel
I need to go pick up my portfolio . Hopefully these dudes offer me a job .    career
I just don't understand this whole " renew your license online " thing . How they gonna get me picture ??? I want a new one , by the way    non-intent
I need to talk to someone . My husband is taking my issue personally . I need to talk to someone else . ???????? God help ........    trifle
I need to go buy some fruit this afternoon . Here were are in the middle of summer and all I have are some ancient , mealy apples . It's wrong .    food
I had to go to hospital tonight , I had a bump on my leg and was hurting and red . They thought it was possible staff infection .    goods
I need food before I calapse ..    non-intent
I want to plan a trip !!!    travel
I think Ima walk around naked my house is empty    non-intent
I always wanted to b a bombero ! I was a reserve back in LA . Just waiting for them to start hiring .    career
I love to eat cheese doodles and lick off all the orange cheese off my fingers ... jus like heaven    food
I could really do with a trip to the Alliance Bakery on Division in Chicago . RIGHT NOW . Ooh . Those gorgeous sugar cookies they make . Yum .    travel
I wanna wreck my stockings in some jukebox dive . It's a Joni Mitchell kind of day today .    trifle
I really dont get this !    non-intent
I just want to be done with school but that seems impossible ..    career
I hope you keep your word tonight , cuz baby , you're all I wanna hear for the rest of this existence .    non-intent
I nvr knew i cud love someone soo much ..    non-intent
i think i might die from boredome ................... should i head to my cousins house ???...................... and kill his boredome too ?    non-intent
I really don't get this . I already have myspace and finally got on facebook , isn't this the same thing ?    non-intent
I need new hair . Think I night get some soon    goods
I wanna eat strawberry icecream ! Hummm ... It's delicious    food
I will refrain from touching my eyes , - wait , I have an itch on my nose . * scratch * - mouth and nose .    non-intent
I wanna go home right now I'm glad I'm taken off tomm    trifle
I love when people send me a request to join fansites . I havent been a fan since the mid 90's .    non-intent
I Get to hear ghost stories later ! ^^    trifle
I love to dance .. but I'm sooooo looking forward to my chiropractor appt !!    event
I saw The Proposal yesterday and I must say that it is the best chick flick I have seen in a very long time . I loved it !!!!!    non-intent
I have risen from my nap and I must say that it was quite energizing . What's up ? What's everybody getting into today ?    non-intent
I think Miley used to be prettier when she was little . But she's still pretty as ever . I wanna go to her concert , to see Metro Station too !    event
I just want to go horse back riding .    event
I might get a job soon .    career
I think I just heard Daddy cursing at the computer .    non-intent
I could use an iPhone #squarespace    goods
I will be home too late for anyone to drive me ! Will take taxi from ferry terminal ! Thanks tho !    non-intent
I have to remember to have no expectations today .    trifle
i hope i get a 2nd job soon    career
I really thnk they should have made a separate button on the 3GS .... it gets kindof anoying holding the home button for so long    non-intent
I should really get some sleeeep !    trifle
I want this summer to be a summer that I will always Remember ! So far I'm in the right track !    non-intent
I decided to make banana bread because the bananas have seem to be left to go mushy . I recycle them ! Making chocolate chip cookies , too .    food
I think they should fire David Letterman over tonight's Mark Sanford joke , whatever it turns out to be .    non-intent
I may have forgotten my keys , so am presently locked out the house . Still , nice day for it ...    non-intent
i have to study ! but i don't want to ! =(    career
I think I forgot where I live ...    non-intent
I may just sit and read all afternoon , this is nice .    event
I think I'll go fishing this weekend ...    event
I wanna go ice skating !!!    event
I have to get up early , damn it    trifle
I need to update my ipod before bus so I can go and be a geek in the library cos I've figured yet again ... I CANT WORK FROM HOME    goods
I just want to go back to my dreams ..    trifle
I really love these night world books . You should check them out .    goods
I want catfish ... And a strawberry shake ... And a nap ... Tuff luck .    food
i gotta get a new phone    goods
I must be the only Backstreet fan on the planet who could care less about Aaron right now .    non-intent
I just don't want to be one of those people who wake up one day and realize they're in love with their best friend .    trifle
i think i just made of ass out of myself !    non-intent
I need for this day to go as quickly as possible .    trifle
I want some cold stone ... Hint hint *    food
i just want to go on record and say paul's boutique is the best hip hop album of all time .    event
I have thrown out about fifteen bags of SHIT from my room . I am now clutter free !! I should have been featured in a tlc show or something .    non-intent
I think I just got my first camera ticket .    event
I think I wanna go watch " Funny People " when it comes out ...    event
I want to go to college .    career
I should have a show . I have great topics .    trifle
I could swear that was Chevy Chase jogging just now .    non-intent
I swear I cant win for losing !! What is it gonna take for me to recognize Real ?? A smack to the face !    non-intent
I kinda wanna go to the celebration of the lights tonight .    event
I love kissing . I could kiss for hours    trifle
I just want to run into the wide , comforting arms of ventrilo and forget about my classes . But I suppose that's one of the reasons I'm here .    event
i just wanna see him " ride that pony " lol    trifle
i really should be getting ready right now .. ahwell .    trifle
I think I'm going to go and watch a movie . Why , you say , would you start a movie at 1am ... I say , WHY NOT !    event
I need you God , give me strength    trifle
I really need to take up smoking ... Lol    trifle
I am so upset !! I just don't understand !!! And who is bryce dallas ?!    non-intent
i guess i'll go for a camping trip .. i rully need it ....    travel
I must take a relaxing shower    trifle
I need my hairs cut b4 the show on saturday thee end    goods
I love how the quiz can't spell Nosferatu . Now I wanna watch it ...    event
I must leave the house twice today and I'm not looking forward to it .    trifle
I really want to ! It sucks sooo bad . Im at goodwill right now I got the sickest stuff . I wish you were here .    trifle
I need a IT job as SQL Server DBA    career
I wanna drink chocolate milk , ooh I just love it !    food
I must learn to silence my laziness and distracted habits ! Lord cleanse my soul from these worldly things that I have given my heart to !    trifle
I just realized this is the first day of the second half of the year ... now looking back reflecting ... i havent done shit all year ...    non-intent
I have no idea what or how to do what I need to do / I need help    non-intent
I really didn't intend on tweeting this much tonite . Hope I wasn't too offensive .    non-intent
I must ready with the decision , God help    trifle
I think I'm gonna bake some cookies .    food
I need a mobile makeover ... mine's ugly .    goods
I SHOULD HAVE WATCHED BRIDEZILLA    non-intent
I know you can , I know you can , come mend it all    non-intent
i got to move a snake out of my backyard today and held it with a broom !!!!! awesome ! haha    non-intent
I knew i could talk to god and god just told me ! -courtney wilson    trifle
I could go for a beach day . Summer , let me know when that would be good for you this year    travel
I swear I clean my room every day and I'll wake up and it's messy again .. I just don't get it .    non-intent
I musta been an only child in a past life , cuz I really don't understand why everything can't be done my way . Well , at least 85% of the time    non-intent
I wanna sex in space    trifle
I ain't afraid to admit I will treat you like shit .. If u can't break my habit .. U just a nothin ass nigga .    non-intent
I need coffee ! I need coffee ! I need coffee !    food
I need more incomes .    career
I will go to high school soon . I am so freaky scared of it right now ...    career
I wannna gooo home , shower & be cool . ahahah    trifle
I am very thirsty . I wonder if I can have cocktails for lunch . I guess not .    food
I think I like the new yahoo home page , but I'm not yet sure if I'll go to it much    trifle
I should just put up the high school pic again and give everybody another great laugh ;)    trifle
I AM SO STUPIDDDDDDDDDDD ! I HATE ME ... ALL THE DAYS WAITING ... AND TODAY ! I REALLY HATE ME !    trifle
I realized I forgot to put in the curl cream for my hair . My hair looks like shit without anything in it . Wow . I'm never gonna forget again .    non-intent
I really hate my life right about now . Going to have another fun filled day at my lovely job tomorrow sooooo excited    trifle
I am ready to vacation in Canada fr the remainder of the summer .    travel
I am so going to Amsterdam falafel after work .    travel
I need another nap -____-    trifle
i think i figured out whats missing from my day .....    non-intent
I hate Macs . That's all I have to say .    non-intent
I wanna win millions and quit my job ....    career
i just cant find a program i understand to animate my fucking banner . bloody hell    non-intent
I really don't think anyone knows what's going on with MJ , other than he's been taken to hospital . I wouldn't believe Twitter on this one .    non-intent
i think i have this figured out . getting ready to watch back to the future 2 .    non-intent
I can go 4 some icecream right about now !    food
I NEED COFFE .................................. NOW !!!!!    food
I guess I have to go to the doctor tomorrow . Or at least my mom wants me to .    goods
I know you can be overwhelmed , and underwhelmed , but can you ever just be whelmed ? =) hahah    non-intent
i really do need to go to the gym ..... no matter what i need to get a good shape body ... go go go go go !!!!!! hwaiitiingg !!    event
I need Starbucks !! I hate living in Holland ..    food
i just don't think i can take it anymore .    non-intent
I just wanna be at the MCR show on my B-Day ( augustus 1 ) .. sure nobody will give me a ticket for the show and a ticket to fly !    event
I need a ticket to Italy ..... any good cheap websites I can check out ?    travel
i wanna get a tattoo that says " daddy " and the day he died . my mom thinks that would be cute .    goods
I really wish you could watch baseball year round    event
i have to pee =P ... and the toilet is about 20 ft too far away .. grr    trifle
I still need to count my blessings . It's hard sometimes ..    trifle
i would love to catch up with you - i love you magazine    trifle
I wanna go to the beach SO bad ...!! Swimming in the turquoise waters and lying on the sand is the best way to relieve stress ... ;)    travel
I think I need a cheese burger . Also I might try the beer shake .    food
I have to make a trip to Port Antonio right now ! It's a good thing they fixed the roads .    travel
I think I will hit up hot yoga tonight . Need to sweat out some tension .    event
I need help with SwagBucks.com    goods
I really need to get a new tattoo before I explode    goods
I think I'll go to take a nap , BYE    trifle
I need ideas on going on holiday ! Where can 2 people go for £750 in total ? Any suggestions ?    travel
I want mango juice noww    food
I think I should cook supper . Brownies are an acceptable dinner in this house , and I just bought everything I need to bake at least 3 pans .    food
I don't know why I want you so ' Cause I don't need the heart break    trifle
I just can't understand the enjoyment of most mainstream rap .    non-intent
I need a shower ... but I'm too tired . Waiting up to see if I can see the finalists for the video contest .    trifle
I need food - preferably something with a lot of meat ... Mmmmm ... meat good ...    food
i need to get an acoustic guitar .. hmm anyone know where to get a pretty one for cheap ?    goods
I will finally be a student .....    career
i want to do something tonight !    trifle
i was gonna finish buttttttttttt naaaaaaa    non-intent
I WILL get my to-do list done today ! But I'd like so much better if someone else would do it for me . #fb    non-intent
I should be able to rest in my home and park by my damn house    non-intent
I love movies . Maybe I should study cinema . ahah that'd be cool but I won't .    event
I need to learn to dance and take it to the streets .    career
I really don't like her    trifle
I just want to be able to walk !! Please !!! Headed to the doctor now . Hope everything is ok !    goods
I can't believe they traded cliff lee !!! bye bye indians .. I hope you win the ring lee !!!    non-intent
I think I will go on STRIKE Tuesday in support of a Free Iran ! STOP that illegal murderous government FREE IRAN #Iranelection Iran #Neda    trifle
i might as well talk to him    trifle
I think ima watch true blood again , I kinda didn't understand it    non-intent
I think I wanna rewind about one week back and get rid of the fuck folks    trifle
I like to keep things fresh .    trifle
I have to say I hate the whole late-night construction-so-lets-close-all-lanes-traffic that they have up here . I swear its irritating    non-intent
I need some YUMMY food for dinner/tea ! Oh I want a curry !    food
I could break your heart any day of the week .    trifle
I want to buy another Twitter application ... what's the best app for the #iPhone ??    goods
I need to get a haircut today    goods
i need to get the day going . ugh    trifle
I really enjoy a good cup of coffee in the morning .    travel
I am just trying to figure this thing out bc I really don't know what the what I'm doing ... LOLOL    non-intent
i really don't think MJ is dead . its just too weird 2 b true .    non-intent
I have to get organized !    trifle
I will refrain from saying anything negative about the sorts of people flodding into the stadium for the rally    trifle
i am about to take senior pictures ! and i am a little nervous for some odd reason .    event
I think I had better be where other people are not . ...    trifle
I should get a facial - must . find . time    goods
I need to download a really simple free calculator for osx . I dont like using the one in the dashboard . Any suggestions ?    goods
I would love not to sick anymore .    trifle
I really need these next 2 days to blow by quick .    trifle
i am going to ride my BIKE !!!! hahahaha    event
I really did intend on going out tonight . but I'm getting stuff done . Will socialize tomorrow brunch with Kaptin Kirk .    event
I wanna watch The Proposal today !    trifle
I think i just wrote my first sketch ! going to film it this weekend . It's gonna be EPIC lolz ! .. All inspired by the stupid Snuggie blanket !    non-intent
I read you can help the planet by eating vegetarian meals each week . I must say , I do not eat red meat , no steak or hamburger-love salads    non-intent
I really hate myself right now .    trifle
I really want to go to transylvania .    travel
I just tried to file sales tax with the Ohio government , only to realize that my sales taxes aren't due until next month . Joy of joys !    trifle
I just saw a showing of the 2008 " Last Night of the Proms " at the cinema . I absolutely love Helene Grimaud . Wish I could have seen it live .    event
I want a bacon sandwich . And joy of joys , I can has bacon sandwich ! If I can be arsed to go make it .    food
I need socks !! Ahh !!    goods
I hate cable tv . I need to visit another city ; Jacksonville you're boring me .    travel
i want to buy chameleon circuit .    goods
I need a jrock concert ... a free one -poor and upset-    event
I could you in my arms , i could hold you forever    non-intent
I only need $60 until I can pay for my $800 trip ! Then , the rest of the money I get , I get to spend it on myself !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    non-intent
I wanna see " The Collector " movie that comes out tomorrow .    event
I gonna the East coast & take a summer holiday during 07/31 ~ 08/2 . HaHa ... It has been a very long time before i had have last one .    travel
I need a real job lol i miss it ...... i do a whole lotta nothing all day or maybe i should go back to school yea sounds good    career
I so want to read LaBamba's romance novel . #conan    event
I think I just hate waiting . Ok I'm hungry . What's for lunch today ?    food
I think i wanna have Taylor Swift's babies ... weird    trifle
i will never stay up this late again ...    non-intent
I really am awful at sexual innuendo . fuck it .    non-intent
I may have to use the new desktop . The horror of it !!    goods
I am a very athletic , outgoing , and funny person . I love to cook and play sports .    event
I really wish Angel would wear some clothes . it's just not nice . #bb10    goods
I go to the cinema with my dad . I think it's so much fun .    event
I must be in a strangely good mood . Almost nothing is irritating me today . Maybe I should extend the olive branch before I change my mind .    trifle
I think I am going to give some makeup away haha I really need to organize .. ughh    trifle
I Want SNK vs CAPCOM 3 !! is the best fight game ever !!!    goods
I wanna visit Australia lol    travel
I get to be in a story with a hot girl . Life's going good haha . So bored tho . -Anthony    non-intent
I think i'm going to have a cheese and red onion sandwich    food
I need a nap . Being home is exhausting .    trifle
I want pudding and mac and cheese and stuff    food
I hate it when it cuts me off . And a tan . That's what I meant to say .    non-intent
I am getting hungry ! Maybe I should have greek food for lunch ?    food
I NEED A NEW POST ! ( alan , this one's for you )    goods
I am so hungry i could eat a cow right now . Which is why i just ordered a cheese burger . I need to get it together    food
I will forever miss you Michael .!!! You was the best at everything you did , I will never forget you .    non-intent
I guess I need a trip . A business one .    travel
I bet you cant guess where I am ...!!!!!!    non-intent
I want so many paintings and such from Urban Outfitters . Its STOOOPID    goods
I should probably get up , errands to run & Starbucks to be had !    trifle
i just need to breathe i guess . don't be passionate .    trifle
I want a frapuccino sooo bad !... Wait noooo ... what about ice cream , strawberry ice cream ! yummi ! =D    food
I should make coffee before someone else tries to do it and screws it up .    food
I want to go back to college but can't decide what I want to be when I grow up . I hate life altering decisions    career
I think I am eating the WORST granola bar ever lmao    food
I need more than a diuretic for this edema . Checking to see if there is an appropriate shop-vac attachment that might handle it .    goods
I NEED A SHORT HAIRCUT !!! Mrs Hairstylist is not free today .    goods
I need to go to the beach or something . GET AWAY from here ;) TIME FOR SOME SHOPPING , then we'll hit the beach , kayyy ? =]    travel
I drunk as fuck ... and I have to hike up Castle Crags tomorrow ....... shit    event
I don't know what I have to do ...    non-intent
I think I know exactly what to do .    non-intent
I hate not knowing what I want to do with my life . I've been second guessing myself a lot lately .    non-intent
I love to watch Barbara run a committee meeting    event
I got to catch up with one of my good friends i hadnt seen in a long time cause she is a counselor at twin lakes ! I <3 her SO MUCH !!    trifle
i seriously need to get a new job , my skills are being wasted here    career
I MISS MY BESTIE !!!! so boring this summer , i havent saw her once ! oh no , i am a loner ! xD    non-intent
I think I'm gonna go biking ... yeah . I think a bike ride sounds good .    event
I have to pee , just thought everyone wanted to know . ;]    trifle
i am trying to be hopeful about iran election or am i feeding on it somehow . my iranian brothers and sisters ? our hearts are connected now .    non-intent
i meant to say she did it during the newsboys concert also    non-intent
i will never get used to this heat and humidity . i have lived here my whole life and it never gets better    non-intent
I have to say today was a good day    non-intent
I have to get my car inspected today ! I'm hoping it won't take too long this time ! I got to be the first one there !!!!    goods
I should be so lucky , lucky , lucky , lucky i should be so lucky in love * sing *    trifle
i really wanna squeeze in another song for the concert , 1 doesnt seem enough =/    event
I want a macbook so bad ... Why do they have to be so prohibitively expensive ?    goods
I want a chocolate sundae !!! Now .    food
I definitely neeed to straighten my hair , tan , watch entourage & maybe buy some perfume tmr    goods
I really think he was serious , wow I was nice to him when everyone else was not . I did nothing to him . I cant believe he deleted me fuck him    non-intent
I get to make the future what I want to    non-intent
I think I should just run away and join the circus . Is that still possible these days ?    career
i want to watch the soccer ! gah , stupid people .    event
I realize . . That over the years . . My heart has become kinder . . More gentle . . I guess thats what i need to be what i want to be . ...    non-intent
I really wnat to go swimming . . . my 8 Ball says outlook not good though    event
I need a nice long trip to the US ..    travel
I must say , there's nothing like cooking dinner when you have been on a liquid diet for 4 days ! LOL    non-intent
I need a vacation out of the country ... bad .    travel
I just wanna be your hoochie coochie man .    trifle
I really hope I can keep my temper today and not blow up on some line cooks . Oh and I have an interview Monday with mcalisters .    trifle
I would rather spend 1000 years kept alive by dark magic as Piers Morgan's gimp , than get the night bus again .    trifle
I hope I get a toy with my kids meal .    goods
I want to try out Push Notification on my iPhone my none of my apps support it ! Hurry up Tweetie !    trifle
I think ima buy a blender ...    goods
I really really want a sundae with extra chocolate ......    food
I want a really yummy GREEN salad for dinner . Any suggestions ?    food
I wanna eat sushi ;)    food
I need a nap .. badly ... might even blow off kendo tonight ..    trifle
I should be a lawyer , lol , not responsible !!!!!    career
I just missed Victorino's home run so I could eat a delicious cookie .    food
I need a job and a carrrr .    career
I think I will mow the lawn now !    trifle
I Want Starbucks Gosh    food
I think I have a problem with naps . Oh well , time to go to work .    trifle
I think Cam and I will bake tonight .... maybe .... maaaaybe .    food
i want to buy a keytar . does anyone know where I can buy one ?    goods
I want a mini buffalo ranch chicken sandwich ! ahaha & than do the dance after I eat them ;D    food
I had my interview and it was great . I did great . They liked me and I liked them . I hope to have some offer soon .    career
I hope you all are having a great day    trifle
I need a plain ticket to LA !    travel
I think I might make the switch to iPod once I win one in a contest or drawing of some sort .    goods
I NEED 2 GET MONEY 3 MORE YEARS TILL THE NBA ... LOL YOUNG KOBE BABA    event
I need a break , please take me to Paris !    travel
I need to meet friend    trifle
I think I want to go to Dj Quik's show ...    event
I think i broke my finger    non-intent
I totally am loving some greenlife coffee right now .    travel
i would update this , but the sunday morning meowing really exhausted my strength .    non-intent
I think I just forgot I need to breathe to stay alive .    non-intent
I need a job ! Who's hiring ?! Please RT !!    career
I can now tweet from my mobile , i think i may be behind the times    non-intent
I need to get out the house ...    trifle
I keep praying that I will have a job offer soon . I really want my " big kid " job and very soon !    career
I really need to clean my closet when I get home I tore it up this getting ready    trifle
I totally love them as much as i love tony hawk !    non-intent
I just don't know what to say ... mixed emotions about the ART and the ARTIST    non-intent
I seriously want to go back to Singapore !!!    travel
I must be more motivated . urrr ..    career
I just want to make some banana pancakes with you    food
I WANT THAT KOBE PUPPET !    goods
I need coffee like now . Havent slept in the longest time . I have to keep walking or i'll pass out    food
I am the same . I know well what I have to do now , but I won't do anything . Move now .. Move ..    non-intent
I totally want to go see " Year One "    event
I am going to the beach this weekend , says no rain expected , yay !    travel
I need to keep up with this whole soccer thing .    event
I wanna start a yoga class    event
I really just seen 4 raccoons chillin on the corner . 1 on the curb n 3 inside the gutter . Wats wit these raccoons ! I seen like 10 this week !    non-intent
I wanna go to the movies or ihop tonight !!    event
I really am trying to get better at skating . It's a work in progress .    event
I gotta let her meet my mum - and I think I gotta superstar lady , oh yeah ( 8 )    trifle
I loveeeeeeeEEEEE Australia . I don't want to go back to the ships I just want to stay here .    travel
I should probably leave work before the base blows up .    trifle
I should have kissed you when i had a chance .    trifle
I can tell you a few things about not having health care , you do not get it . And I think you never will . Coming to Elkhart is a noble idea .    non-intent
I am about to shoot the tv . Cricket driving me nuts .    non-intent
I need to work on my page more than my work page .    career
I am going to fly my kite    event
I need to go buy a lottery ticket , my right palm is itchin like anything    goods
I want to live in a flat with a cool roommate .    goods
I think i want to move to Colorado . It seems nice and cold there .    travel
I wanna Be In Love ............. I'm Ready .    trifle
I have watched all 4 so far alex . Awesome show sort of like the old show friday the 13th the series . I think you will dig it !    non-intent
I need a shower . My hair is looking like Kristen Stewarts grease ball hair , yuck !    trifle
I hate it when chicks run their mouth about what I have , I go to work everyday and I have a degree , so that should equal the life of pleasure    non-intent
I wanna go skating now !    event
I have to clean my room . -.-' Puh .    trifle
I was tryna take a pic ... but she wouldn't stop 4 me .... LOL !    event
I am trying to connect to RC but to no avail . Shit the stupid connection !    trifle
I can barely understand it too and I haven't gotten an email    non-intent
I think I got this now !!!!    non-intent
I wish I could tell u what I just did ... but I can't . Goes in the vault forever . LOL I'm a loser    non-intent
I could eat salad every single day in the summertime and be happy . Love it !! Mmmm and an iced-tea would be nice too .    food
i just want to cry . =,(    trifle
I need a local news app for blackberry ... help , anyone ?    goods
i need gift for my brother #squarespace    goods
I need a job !!!!! anything in travel industry ... please .    career
I really wish Sarah would give me another chance    trifle
I think I am going to need a second job . WalMart is hiring and I've always wanted to be a greeter ! How much stress could that be ?    career
I realli hope I get this job tomorrow    career
I WANT TO KNOW WHO THIS NIGGA THINK HE IS .... WTF .... DONT YOU HAVE A BITCH !    non-intent
i need me some new music damn !    event
I have to take a shower and than I'm gonna read my book and twitter at the same time . Bye xxx    trifle
I want to encourage everyone to appreciate and to thank your Dad today while you still have them to appreciate .    trifle
i must be going crazy    non-intent
I am going to holiday with my bff    travel
I go to the cinema to see UP with Cristy and Jimena    event
I think I will finally make my way to that spa !!! I aint gone lie I wanna b like REVRUN wit my IPhone    goods
I wanna go the gym but I don't have time ! any suggestions to do cardio ( no jogging )    event
I know that I should say Goodbye . But it's no use I can't be with or without you    trifle
I just ate a tuna sandwich for the first time in 8 years . I think I remember why it's been 8 years now ...    food
I really wanna cry right now .. sad day ... R.I.P. MJ    trifle
I really want to know what's going on in Iran    trifle
I think I'm going to the RLB beach with the bff , I haven't been there in years .    travel
I wanted to kick earth in its vagina today . I lost .    trifle
I am working on a GTAIV PC machinima series . Not saying what it's about , or the title . Though I must say I got a great soundtrack !    non-intent
i need to get a livelavalive tshirt !    goods
I must say Rihanna was fly as ever in court today ... thats right show him what he is missing ! Chick plays no games !!    non-intent
I am trying to be productive but it just isn't working ... i'm not motivated .    career
I really wanna see 17 again . Fml    event
I think i have the manliest vehicle in the kohls employee parking with the colorado    non-intent
I love mango so much I could marry it !    trifle
i wanna be famous i wanna be a star    career
I wanna get tickets to the Wendy Williams show ! How you doooooin !     event
I think I want to bake a cake today .    food
I think I just died and went to heaven    trifle
I do what I want when I want . I live in the style that suits me . I know the best streets and cheap eats . Cheap sex and cheap booze . No blues    non-intent
I have been awake since 5.45 . I may actually be dead .    trifle
I need more friends , add me !!! ;D    trifle
I have been wanting to go on another week long backpacking trip , does anyone have any good recommendations on a good pack ?    travel
I think you and the american and world news media better start shining a big light on Iran ! IMAGINE if the USA had had an 85 percent t ...    trifle
I think I may have more fruit in my porridge than oats .    food
I really want to be at the American Idol concert seeing Kris Allen , instead of being stuck in this hotel room .    event
I totally & accidentally just flashed a line of customers    trifle
I think I wanna bake some cookies ...... but I can't decide if I wanna make choc . chip or sugar ........    food
I promised HBO and Bryant Gumbel that I would review tonight's Real Sports . It will have to wait until tomorrow .    event
I wanna sundae who gonna offer me/ I give u a dollar and kissed if u are a miss ?    food
I really really really neeed a job . =|    career
I need a new Gaga album YESTERDAY . I love that bitch .    goods
i want a job so bad !    career
I think im gonna dye my hair black again    goods
I really need the Chocolate Kiss treat - I am soooo stresssed !    food
I remember last July I went to an OUTDOOR Jonas Brothers concert . I live in Arizona , there was tons of girl so you couldn't breathe .    event
I need a nap in my life    trifle
i wanna say the voice of the person that just called me sounded very familiar but i just cant put my finger on it fuck who R U    trifle
I should know by now NOT to leave the house without an umbrella .... grrr    non-intent
I have to wait around a fucking ship to travel in Star Ocean . The future of gaming is here .    travel
I really fancy seeing ' the story of anvil ' it looks like a film similar to spinal tap . Might see it one day .    non-intent
I swear i forget i have twitter . Ha ! WAY TO HOT TODAY !    non-intent
I need to make a point of visiting Taipei more often . Good food , good people , beautiful women . What's not to like ?    travel
i think i have tested all twitter apps with multiple account support . thinking of settling on tweetie .    event
i just wanna say go f*ck yourself to the entire Pittsburgh organization and every last fan ... sooooo go f*ck yourself    non-intent
I think it's time to wake up and face reality .    trifle
I havent updated this in forevet    non-intent
I really deserve a Mac - really #MPORA    goods
I might go for a run . Might . kthxbye !    event
i need mre excitement in my life , meet new ppl do thingz that make me say wow dat shit iz cray    trifle
I wanted to participate in Teuk's birthday project but I'm to lazy to make a birthday card for him .. -__-" ERAA HWAITING ! For Teuk <3 I will !    non-intent
I just made my mom ask me if I'm scared like edward just so I could say no .    non-intent
I need to watch Best in Show asap !    event
i think i piss my pants everytime i hear she's like the wind on the radio . it will never get old ~    non-intent
I wanna learn capoeira before I goto brazil    career
I need to find a job and clean my desk .    career
I hate country music ! But i will listen to it if Chris is around . He loves it .    non-intent
I really want to go to London now !    travel
i need a new phone . and a new life . and a new .. <3    goods
I know I'm late on my tweets , UGH I need an Iphone baddly    goods
i think imma surprise ya wit my hair and do it a lil different    non-intent
I want nobody , nobody but you .    trifle
i want to buy more beads    goods
I think I'm gonna have a shower now .    trifle
I wanna go Amsterdam .............. Who's with me ?    travel
I really like " simply Orange " Orange juice ... it may cost like 6 bucks a gallon but I prefer taste over value .    food
I think I just took a yoga class with a TN Titan . His thigh was bigger than my torso .    event
I would just like to say that girl is like a sunburn .    non-intent
I am not a fan of this thunder thing . Damn , I will CRY if we lose power .    trifle
I wanna have a tea party with Giles .    event
I want move to vallejo or richmond    travel
I am so hungrryyyyyy ! I need somewhere delicious . that's fast . and chipotle is a no-go .    food
I need to stop social-networking and shower . 17thhhhhhh Floor tonight at the BoCo ! And the new iPhone update is sunshine in a bag .    trifle
I really need to GET A LIFE !!!    trifle
I know you cant give me what I need .. and even thought you mean so much to me I cant wait through everything ...    non-intent
I really do not like Follow Fridays .    trifle
I want to get a discman .    goods
i still wanna have an ipod touch ! i've got the money but my olod ipod still works -.-    goods
I should be going to the doctor today for my hip    goods
I need an adventure , a distraction , a change of scenery . Thanks .    travel
I gotta get out of here , and do something or I am going to go crazy . So bored !    trifle
I want some collard greens and mac & cheese . Those two dishes make up one of my favorite combo's .    food
I really need to go shopping ; I want some new clothes .    goods
I love how i went to my sisters house to HELP her pack and just ended up packing everything myself lol ..... pregnant women ! spoiled !    non-intent
I just made myself a sandwich and it was REALLY good . I usually suck at making them .    food
I want a chocolate Frappuccino of Starbucks !    food
I need something to do it's so boring here I wish this headache would go away    trifle
I want to be a fisherman on Deadliest Catch , but from the safety of my couch in Franklin , Tn .    career
I will love you . Till the day they burn my body I will love you .    trifle
I could be being more productive right now #imjustsayin    career
I need the Canon Rebel . That's right , I need .    goods
I HAVE TO GO NOW ! TOMORROW I AM BACK ! xoxoxox    trifle
I talked to a friend today . They can get me FREE tickets to the EAA Airshow in Oshkosh next year . I just need to reminder her .    trifle
i really want a trampoline    goods
I gonna passed the year yaaaaaay !    non-intent
I hate school cuz all I wanna do is snack & eat munchies !! Chocolate always sounds yummies !    food
I need a new coffee machine . One that I don't have to wait for . One that makes coffee instantly & then brings me a cup before I wake up .    food
I just cruised the south Caribbean islands for my 33rd birthday ! Amazing , but I must say Cayman Islands has the BEST Beachs in the Caribbean    non-intent
I WILL WIN YOU IN THE GAGA TAP TAP . Goodnight world    trifle
I WANNA GO TO VEGAS AGAIN .... THATS GONNA BE TRIP #4    travel
i will only reveal this idea to the world if i am able to realize it . so , anybody sponsoring it ? it'll help the world , thats for sure    non-intent
i want to play in the rain now =]    event
I just want to be left alone . Is that too much of a problem ?    trifle
I need two well-behaved , smart dogs , not just one .    goods
I actually tried to learn some Arabic before I went to Egypt last year . That is one hard language .    travel
I should be a fortuneteller , work was even slower then the other night .    career
i wish i could fuck every girl in the world .    trifle
i might get braces again ? wow ..    goods
I meant to say I don't understand ... you talked to him for a week ... its not like u were with him in a committed relationship    non-intent
i really don't like this sticky heat !!    non-intent
I wanna get you a black cobra . Just to go around the neck .    goods
i need some music views ! check the page . www.myspace.com/lytestatus    event
I really want strawberry milk    food
I really hate girls sometimes .. Especially the girls in the row in front of us .    trifle
I think I need to take a nap . on lunch about to nap at my desk . got my at lunch sign up and everything .    trifle
I need to purchase our HP tickets for IMAX to see the day we return home . * sigh * I really wish I didn't have to leave here , I'm so happy    event
I got a hero sandwich for lunch , and its extra BIG . I should probably share it .    food
I think I forgot my password and then I got annoyed when twitter took 100+ of my followers ... damned bots ..    non-intent
I met them at the job ( the soccer game between FC Bordeaux and the Montréal Impact ) , I forgot to mention that !    non-intent
I really want to see Brüno . the clips I've seen are soooo funny . I just love stuff like this . Am I bad ?    event
I have to go to the doctor soon ; my headaches keep getting worse .    goods
I really hate my life .    trifle
I never realized how cluttered my room was . I need a real dresser .    goods
I need to stop remembering things that make me sad .    trifle
I need my hair done .. who wants to do it for me .. ill pay u    goods
I wonder if I can purchase a bottle of the Pine Tree Perfume at Dillards . Maybe I should just swipe some from the next cab driver .    goods
I did what i could do . I did my part .    non-intent
I hope you remembered to wipe your ass after you shit on me ......    non-intent
i wanna do a skype call , im bored to the maxxxx    event
I hope the rain stops before 2nite . It's my bday wknd and I wanna paaaaaaaaaartay !    trifle
I just realised that the bold has wifi connection as well as GPRS so I should be able to get the net in at least some place in america !    non-intent
I took a 12 mile walk today with a friend , boy that was fantastic . Now I will have a shot of my fruit drink .    food
I would love to be at a beach with 90+ degree weather with a margarita in hand .    travel
I like to brush my teeth ! Hahaa    trifle
I have Shortbread , fruit juice ( wine seemed too heavy ) and a word document . I am going to write !    food
I should have mentioned that I definitely need espresso before attempting .    non-intent
I want a car like the Ford in Death Race .    goods
i may be auditioning for a commercial in NY , this is pretty cool news !! on top of getting to drink for $500    non-intent
i got to plant sunflowers !!! #farmtown    trifle
i need some gym in my life !    event
I wanna be a Twitter celebrity with a huge followers list .    career
I think I've made a decision , although I could and prolly will change my mind again . Hmmmmm .    trifle
I think I am going to the New York Deli too often . I'll soon be fat .    non-intent
i must agree with the bf , the denzel movie was tight    non-intent
I want NAFA to update our tournament points . They are so far behind in scoring the tournaments .    event
I want a Cherry Soft-Candy they´re jsut delicious ....    food
I go to the cinema ! Harry Potter ! Haha = ]    event
I need a cigarette after that performance .    goods
I wanna give Hurley a big ol ' hug !    trifle
I need to really clean my room ..    trifle
I really miss your blueberry pancakes ...    food
I wanna get on the bike and ride . I just have no place to go . Nights still young I guess    travel
i wanna go to ellen's show . i think we'd be fast friends .    event
I want to fly my kite , play baseball , and have a water balloon fight .    event
I wanna be outta this shitty depressing mood . I need taylor and madi ...    trifle
I AM GOING TO PARIS , FRANCE IN NOVEMBER !!!    travel
I want a pair of cool 1970s glasses .    goods
I have the best husband . I really do .    non-intent
I know I must really be hungry eating kitkats , peanuts , and chicken with my $1 Tropicanna Tropical Fruit Punch juice that I love ...    food
I need to find a job that pays decent so i can afford my own place .    career
I hope I get my passport back in time so I can go to GREECE !!! =)    travel
I need a jobb ughhhhhh .    career
I wanna go to japan .    travel
I am so bored . I am ready for another road trip . I want to visit Florida , South Beach . There is so much fun to be had there .    travel
I think you know where you belong , i think you know its with me    non-intent
I might like him but i cant cuz i'm too cold/his tickets look fake , i'm just not quite sold ... haha u get it ?    non-intent
I have to go to New Braunfels this weekend for the services .    travel
I need to start going back to the gym , I REALLY need to get a routine of some sorts for day to day I'm entirely to lazy at times    event
i could run through the sprinkler on our front lawn in summer    event
I mainly bought it to keep cool this summer & keep me from being lazy ! I tend to be a hermit in my apartment ! but it will get worse if i -    non-intent
I think i just broke my little toe on kate's trunk . Seriously , i cant move it and i heard a crack ! Lol    non-intent
I want to kiss a girl and it mean something !!    trifle
I really think I am so athletic ... though I never did much but play volleyball and run track ... hmmmm .    event
I need to get some stuff in order .    goods
I can't lie , I must be missing something - this doesn't seem like a very interesting site ...    trifle
I hate to RT a RT , but in case you missed it - I think you should check it out .    non-intent
I WANT TO DO SOMETHING !!! XD    trifle
I want my new phone already . My blackberry is seriously on it's last legs .    goods
I can totally relate to their lyrics , will u teach them to me ?    non-intent
I think i want to go to Ocean City with him ! lay on the beach and escape this dirty stressful city !    travel
I come to this restaurant very often I know one of the staff is on her maternal leave without having to ask .    non-intent
I want to go visit the conference but didnt look up directions ...    trifle
I TOTALLY forgot family guy makes fun of catherine zeta-jones . i just about died .    non-intent
I drink and all I want is Nachoes .... om nom nom ...    trifle
i like to have the time i lost and give it back to you ..    non-intent
i need to wash and deep condition my hair before church    goods
I think I get too excited when the werewolves are violent ...    non-intent
I really need to learn to golf .    event
I almost spun out on the freeway on the way home from Compton , I gotta realize that I don't drive an Audi S4 anymore .    non-intent
I want your penis in my mouth !    trifle
I really want a cheese burger    food
I want a sandwich . A DELICIOUS sandwich .    food
I want britney spears tickets    goods
I only want to go home !!!    trifle
I really wanna be able to go to the movies tomorrow ... ughhh    event
I don't know what I want for dinner but I love the urbanspoon app for iPhone !    non-intent
I want chinese buffet for lunch .    food
I wanna go to the spa . Do you wanna come with ??    goods
I want Indian food . Anybody else ?    food
I totally don't want to be here ..    non-intent
I am sooooooooo hungry ... maybe I should go eat ?????    food
I wanted to see Michael Jackson on his tour too ..    event
I need to go fishing !    event
I so want to watch Lady Gaga's concert !    event
I need do clean up my room . someone around ?    trifle
I love life ! I get to talk to interesting people and I love that !    non-intent
I am going to take a nape    trifle
I think I can safely say that this is one of the worst days of my life .    non-intent
I believe I can still know them !    non-intent
i really need a coconut iced coffee , skim milk and 2 splenda ! anyone care to bring me one ?! i didn't get a break today i neeeed one lol    goods
I WANT TO WATCH VAN GOGH IN IMAX !    event
I think that I am going to make a YouTube video . Well I will once I get home from the grocery store .    event
I want to watch Get Smart but I do NOT want to watch Anne Hatheway .    event
I wanna go to Barnes and Noble , i wana just chill there and read books someone accompany me hahaha    event
I owe you a love song . So much I could say .    non-intent
I need crunchy Hot Cheetos and chewy chocolate chip cookies !!! And a glass of milk !!    food
I really am gonna miss them . I think i'm about to cry . I hope to see you at the finish line .    trifle
I wish i could pick elevator music . I would make everyone rock out    event
I need a shot of ambition .    career
i really don't get you , twitter . You are more annoying than i thought .    non-intent
I wanna go to Egypt .... and I will    travel
I really want to play What Did I Do To Your Heart ( JB ) , this song is so ... Country . - I think I'm gonna post something in the blog .    event
I think I am the only freak who likes vinegar on fried or poached eggs .    non-intent
I really love Underoath , i've come to that conclusion .    non-intent
I think I have written about China at least four times in the last week . That's kind of a lot , considering .    non-intent
I gotta stop doing evrythin else I'm doing & start doin what I NEED to do ... my research paper !    non-intent
I had 2 girls getting them ready for a skating comp at 3 am    event
I need another vacation after the travel day from HELL . Stuck in Chicago overnight where I was re-routed from the UK !!! NIGHTMARE !    travel
I think I might go bowling and to a midnight cruise tonight ... sounds like fun .    event
I shall stab you all with orange peels , and make orange juice .    food
I need a drink . Any suggestions ? What's your favorite combo ??    food
I think I know where you belong , I think I know , Its with me ♥    non-intent
I just wanna be with u    trifle
I may get to go to a baseball game tonight .    event
i wanna go see Transformers 2 . so far I heard its good but long !! hmm    event
I like to go to Madrid ... and see my girlfriend I missed her !    travel
I HAVE A MIGRAIN AND I AM TRYING TO GET THINGS DONE !!!!!!!    trifle
i need drugs . head still pounding .    goods
I think now is the time to boycott something . And I already know what I want to boycott ...    non-intent
I think I just saw tucker max in boston    non-intent
I think I'm gonna go watch Sweeny Todd ... and actually be able to watch it .    event
I need to build up my endurance . I get winded too easily    trifle
I swear if she wasn't a girl I would knock this chick flat on her back .    non-intent
I hope you guys like the profile    trifle
I need a pedicure and to go shopping ... this girl is in need of girl time .    goods
I need to get in the gym ... Now ! I'm thinking about 4 strips of bacon !    event
I think I will get a haircut at the Wynn while I'm here . A little spendy but you also get a day pass to the gym , spa and spa lounge .    goods
I need to go to Vegas . Now .    travel
I really miss my best friend right now . Which I accidentally typed as " beast " friend , the first time . Not sure what that means .    trifle
I love the hair gurl , i mean i really love the hair gurl . you hair looks really good gurl . how do you get your hair like that gurl ? your hair    goods
i am trying to do nothing its pretty hard you would be suprised    non-intent
I want a good life with a nose for things , the fresh wind and bright sky to enjoy my suffering    trifle
I need a camera . I'm liking the way i look right now . It's photo-worthy . XD    goods
i think i need a nap - i for got i had an appointment schedule until he called and said he was here - oopsie good thing i get ready fast !    trifle
I can't believe I just had to say " Keep your snot to yourself . That's disgusting . " #icantbelievethisisparenting #fb    non-intent
I may have just booked two new photog gigs !    event
I could go for some mashed potatoes be gravy , mac n cheese , and fried chicken . Yum !    food
I want wild animals .    goods
I just don't understand how someone can be comfortable stealing other people's money ...    non-intent
I must be hungry ... I bought iced coffee , a bagel , raisins and nuts , fruit juice , a granola bar ...    food
I might go to Elvis Crespo's concert today anyone want to go ??    event
I need to get out off of here and go get everything 4 dinner we r havin Spaghetti with salad and garlic bread and I am going to bake a cake    food
I wonder if I can punch Alexi Lalas through my TV . Because I really want to . #espn #confed #usmnt    non-intent
I wana go to Vegas in just get trashed this weekend .    travel
I may have been a rapper in my past life .    non-intent
I need to make new memories . Solo trip 2 Italy as soon as possible , yo !    travel
I wanna slap you with ky    trifle
I remember John Legends album like an old boyfriend , I swear I was having a love affair with that album , 4got about it for a second    non-intent
I have a visual credit check with my parents so WHY did I lend them money . I havent seen the $150 since i lent the money 2 weeks ago    non-intent
I need to get up so I can make breakfast do laundry and clean up ..... Who want to help do all of the above ....    food
I wish I could go to the beach today .... but alas i have to work ALL day ... sigh    travel
I found three canon lenses I like . The only problem is that I need about $1000 to buy them .    goods
I thank the Lord for the wonderful wife He gave me . I could not have asked for anyone any better .    non-intent
i think i have a new band to love . actually , i did love them already . specially the leader ! wiii ! but it's in Korea . haha ! aww .    trifle
I think Twilight Lexicon is great !!! Rachelle you will be missed greatly , but I know you will do other things in the future .    non-intent
I need a nap real bad .    trifle
I need more shampoo . blah    goods
I hate scary dreams . One of my friends was on a murderous rampage and I totally hit on the hot guys at my work in my dream    non-intent
I need a massage tonight .    goods
I need a trip planner to help me with my vacation in September to North Carolina , anyone ?    travel
I need to take another picture in purple to match my background    event
I slept like a baby , Or I was up all night ; Thought I was gonna die – No , I felt alright ; I can't make up my mind .    trifle
I think I'm going to try yoga again tomorrow ...    event
i wanna get so drunk that i can no longer stand on my own two feet >-<    event
I have to get a new laptop , my old Dell runs out of battery in 1 hour .....    goods
i wanna be happy .. woot ! woot !    trifle
I am going to Jonas Brothers concert yay .    event
I tend to live in the past because most of my life is there .    trifle
I know you want me to want you , I want to .    trifle
I think I need to travel to another state    travel
I should not be allowed to drink ever again after last night haha .    trifle
i want to see Transformers .....    event
I do what I want because I can    non-intent
I am ready to walk to station and guess what ? The sun is shining !! What a relief after yesterday    trifle
I am going to see Year One tonight    event
I may be eating pizza twice today . Is it too much of a good thing ?    food
I need to wash some clothes for tomorrow's golfing unless I want to wear trousers & a long sleeve shirt    trifle
I may have won the battle with the burrito last night but I surely haven't won the war .    non-intent
i try and cheat my way around technology . the bastard always wins .    non-intent
I havent slept in two days and i miss my babies !    trifle
I hate when people say they not hearing what I have 2 say but shit don't care what people say or think bout me 4 . Real    non-intent
i need to go college again for last minute work , yeah time to work , work , work , work and finally sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep !!!!!!!!!!    career
I have to draw for my friend's wedding by sunday !!!    event
I need to get a manicure . -.-    goods
I might just be inspired to get a mac book    goods
i need to make that trip to john tyler soon . i hate i'm such a procrastinator .    travel
I have a headache so I am going to take a rest .    trifle
I want shoes .!!! not hair stuff for all of us to match .!    goods
I want to buy camping equipment , but am not sure I want to actually camp .    goods
I need those fucking tickets man . I have got to go to this show .    event
i want to be a celebrity just to say there two words " HEY POPSTAR ! " hahaha .    career
I showed #husband the Craig Ferguson clips and now he's playing me a bunch of fresh cuts on the turntable . I definitely married up .    non-intent
i just don't understand anything .    non-intent
I havent slept before at least like 3am in the last few days ... blah    trifle
I think I got it but you let me know if this comes to your phone .    non-intent
I do think it's nice they got a free trip to Africa . I want to go too . Maybe ill try to raise money to take my students to the Zoo .    travel
I should be sad but I'm not ... and it makes me sad to realize that .    non-intent
I had sushi ( Blue C ) for lunch and resisted the giant delicious looking cream puff . And now I would very much like to go play in the sun .    food
I get to see Green Day tomorrow . =]    event
I have so many Korean clients I'm starting to think I should learn the language ...    career
i forgot to tweet ! nooooooooooooooooo    non-intent
i wish i could speak 5 different languages .    career
I need someone now to make me smile , I am so bored ...    trifle
I totally want to go running in the thunderstorm    event
I want pizza but I can't afford it ! Damn windshield !    food
I wish I could go back to college .    career
I think I'm going to leave work early today .    trifle
I could for a nap right now ... and some food .    trifle
I think I'm gonna take a holiday in August or September me thinks !    travel
I might get a hair cut tomorrow--we'll see how it goes .    goods
I am so tired ! I am gonna make some coffee !    travel
I need 2 take a nap ... tweet w/ yall later    trifle
I haven't eaten since lunch yesterday . I really have to remedy that .    food
I can't believe I just let Chad give me a David Beckham haircut ... I definitely have never had this short of hair since the womb !    non-intent
i will automatically hate you if you dont like Micahel Jackson . He was a remarkable eccentric and mahatma . If you were/are too shallow to    non-intent
I luv 2 help others but I always wind up putting off what I need 2 do !    non-intent
I Finally Got To See My Mother After 4 Days !!!! LoL    non-intent
I wanna go swimming !    event
I need to stop following fictional characters on Twitter . The ones in my head are starting to gettin jealous .    event
i really want to go to the movies .    event
I might take out the Jet ski this weekend ... Get on the water ...    event
i may have a little sunburn tomorrow but so worth it    non-intent
I really fucking want those cookies .    food
I said it on their Facebook ; now I need to say it to their face .    non-intent
I kinda want to join the circus .    event
I like to play by myself sometimes .    non-intent
I think I may be coming back to twitter , seems to make a lot more sense from a    event
I know you have to take it with a grain of salt , considering the source , but TMZ says Michael Jackson died !    non-intent
I WANNA WATCH TORCHWOOD ! COME ON BBC ! DON'T LEAVE ME HANGING ANYMORE ! * is writing Torchwood fanfiction *    event
I need to go to the shooting range .    trifle
I need to see a doctor .    goods
I havent bought shoes in a relatively long time . I cant believe I have behaved for so long . But Im starting to get that itch ago ;-/    non-intent
I wanna go back to november !    trifle
I need ice cream cake to unwind ! Yummm . 1    food
I might be goin to a aerosmith concert tonight ! Yay !!!!!    event
I totally just over did it on the weed intake just now .. I think my dog is an undercover police officer ..    non-intent
I think I gained five pounds today . I couldn't control myself    non-intent
I tried to work all day , i really did    non-intent
I need a new cell phone . I welcome any suggestions . AT&T is my carrier ( siiiiigh ) . I love texting , I like simple . Maybe internet/e-mail ?    goods
I really think im becoming an insomniac    non-intent
I NEED A JOB !! Who's hiring ... in Memphis ?    career
I got to sing happy birthday to grace !!!    event
I will attempt to locate a bathing suit that is more than 4 sq inches of material when I leave work    trifle
I should probably never have kids -- had to pull the car over when music rotation arrived at Tom Waits ' " Georgia Lee . "    trifle
I really want to see Ice Age 3    event
i want to start archiving stuff ... but can't seem to find the " All Mail " link GMail tells me is where it will go ...? anyone ?    trifle
I should be going to Katy Perry's concert tonight . Just like seriously FML .    event
i REALLY want to go to the DALLAS SHOW like NOW ! i heard MC is gonna performe with JB ( maybe )    event
I might just have to start using twitter .    trifle
i will wear the most expensive boots    non-intent
I can't wait for football season to start . I apologize to all the baseball fans out there , but I just can't watch that boring stuff .    event
I make one bad decision after another I swear I don't know where my brain is sometimes    trifle
I need to meet new ppl on twitter    trifle
I finally found time for twitter . Well , I went to a Maxwell concert and then took a bus to NY city and had a ball with Michael Baisden .    event
i need people to do me a favor and disappear .    trifle
I would like to buy a LOMO .. which is good as starter ?    goods
I NEED TO TELL SOMEONE SOMETHING EEEEP    trifle
I just can't handle stupid people ...    non-intent
I need to travel . once school starts , you'll never see me again . I've got some friends , some who i hardly know . its time to go .    travel
I am going to the beach lol    travel
I need to buy a hockey stick ... -.-'    goods
I need some entertainment ..!    event
I need to actually upload a picture for this thing .    trifle
i gotta say . last night was without a douubt the worst night ever . and today isnt much better fml    non-intent
I still can't believe Michael Schumacher is back ! That means I have to watch the upcoming race ...    event
I wanna go swimming too .. Wait .. how did my followers just go from 100 to 62 and not 55 ?! Oh yeah .. don't have a bathing suit ..    event
I want a trip to Greece . Lol . Happiness is hearing my kid sing the lyric to each song . Warms my heart .    travel
I seriously need to get to the gym ! My heart and body need exercise . Pushing boxes through the mall kicked my butt !    event
I need a holiday to reset my perception of time from that of a fly to that of an elephant .    travel
I just got a new follower on twitter ! amazing ! i need to celebrate !    trifle
I will be secretary of state ... LOL    non-intent
i will not let you get to me . i will not let you get to me . i will not let you get to me .    trifle
I need to try a couple more job applications and hopefully get a job . Fred Meyer has called me in the past when I've applied . Guess I sh ...    career
i need a new computer ! or at least a screen . everything just got very RED very fast ... its hurting my eyes !!!    goods
I seriously need to be in Mexico tomorrow with a concert ticket in my hand .    event
I went to an event called " Shine " at El Jefe's last night and it was pretty dope ! I ran into some old school friends that I hadn't seen in a    non-intent
I need to find a third job . Help me , God .    career
I really want to sing more , but , it's 1AM , and I'm not in a car anymore . 2 hour road trip tomorrow with Steven !    event
I need a job with more computers and less junk food .    career
I should start going to a gym ...    event
I wanna be in a movie where i say something like " i have the key ! " sort of like frodo says " i will take it ! " in fellowship .    trifle
I really want to go to the LAKERS parade tomorrow . man , i need a ride , take me ! <3    event
I wanna get a new camera , specifically the Powershot SD780 .    goods
I want chitlins .... Yummm    food
I need a nap now ....    trifle
I am going to miss my white bud tea . It is so yummy and I could not believe I could not have it for a week during my recovery .    food
I think I just broke this boy heart by sayin I jus wanna b friends =/    trifle
I GOTTA JOB ! don't ask me what it is !    non-intent
i really hope michael jackson is ok ... i really love his work ...    trifle
I need you more than I need men in my life , and that's saying a lot    trifle
I totally do not understand the rules of the tour de France . utterly bizarre    non-intent
I am going to take a shower , and then coffee .    trifle
I love the temperature this morning , but I need some sun ! #fb    trifle
I have a hard time finding the energy to look decent when I know I will be very sweaty very soon .    non-intent
I really need a job .    career
I need a full body massage ! ( ladies ) head to toe ! Who riding ? Lol    goods
I want to direct a show ... =/    career
I got a job offer . I think I'm going to take it .    career
I Think I Might Go Running Today .... Any Other Suggestions ???    event
I have to be at work in 30 minutes and I just now started to get ready .. I think its safe to say that I really dont want to go in today .    non-intent
I just wanna bake some cookies on him .    food
I need a sessh right now whatever    goods
I might throw my tv over my balcony so look out    trifle
I took a nap ... now I really need to do something productive ... I mean it's 8pm and I haven't done shit haha    career
I really like all the " coming soon " pages , I cant wait !!    non-intent
I really need to start packing .    trifle
I wanna eat some chippies and salsa 2mrw . + a mango smoothie ! Yay for food factories and fruit .    food
I want to do what I want to do .    non-intent
I dont understand why christan bands cant just write a couple songs bout god then switch it up thats wat i would do    non-intent
I forgot to empty a drawer .    non-intent
I should have left an hour ago . But I'm waiting on one more ad to come in . It's making me anxious . And I'm starving .    non-intent
I need to see The Hangover . I think I am the last in the group that hasn't seen it yet ...    event
I hope we never fight again . He is your best friend and my special someone . But I will forever love you .    trifle
I just might go to sleeeep now ...    trifle
I think I might watch Wedding Crashers and then see Death Race . Mmmmm Jason Statham . Success .    event
I honestly do not know " Apocalyptica Ft . Adam Gontier ! Really ! I must be such a doofus !    non-intent
I need a holiday . I wanna go overseas , off my phone , stay away from computers and just disappear for awhile . Im sick and tired , seriously .    travel
I Gave What I Could And I Have No Regrets    non-intent
I wanna go horse back riding !!    event
I am going to a party with nothing to wear . Awesome .    event
I want to thank the woman in seat 14B on the American Airlines flight tonight ... she was insanely drunk and almost pissed in her seat ...    non-intent
I really hate some arrogant people , they think they are great but they just do little ! so stupid !    non-intent
I go to eat strawberries , although the clock is 1.08    food
I would like a pet of some sort . Cute , Small , and Fluffy .    event
I love my coworkers who made coffee this morning . Truly love them . I might have to bake them a cake , or something .    food
I need a job ! Looking for project management , product or marketing areas .    career
i really do kind of need gmail right now . why is it not working ? sadface    non-intent
I get to stay home tonight . Yeah !    trifle
I miss horseback riding . I need to get out to a stable one of these days .    event
I am excited to have my chamber people in town for the ACCE conference ! ACCE#    event
I am actually suprised by the little bit of hate I have to deal with ... its so minuscule    non-intent
I have to say , the Aztex have come out with some more passion than they showed in the first half .    non-intent
I need a job . I really do . Anyone hiring high school students part time ?    career
I am about to catch a flight to Texas just to catch another one to England . Goodbye Stanberry Missouri it's always nice be back .    travel
I have to study English seriously .    career
i will always remember ryan reynolds as the dude who dies in ' school of life ' . thanks to disney !    non-intent
I thot I could B able 2 stop if I noticed it . I did alot of things I regret doin or sayin . + I know that its not my fault .    non-intent
i really want to get out of here .    trifle
I really don't know why my bf is watching Rocky 3 .    non-intent
I went to 2 TEA parties this week . How about you ?    event
i really hope i didn't get sunburnt ... i'm kinda bored    non-intent
I need a solitary place to go and write .    travel
I WANT SOME FOOD TO !!!! LMAO WHAT IS FOR BREAKFAST !    food
i havent been this miserable in agess .    non-intent
I think I may try and plan a trip to Georgetown this year ... WHO DEY !    travel
I think that ... I forgot what I was going to say .    non-intent
I want to go on a book shopping spree .    goods
I want to stay in long beach forever !!    travel
I need to brush my teeth , do you care Twitter ?    goods
I gotta go to the doctor soon for my jaw .    goods
I think the reason I'll push an issue or say something that I know that will make Matty uncomfortable is because I want to see    non-intent
I really need to take a look at my surroundings ... I came far but there are still people , places & things I need to get away from    non-intent
I choose to show support for the Marines killed in Lebanon by not turning my avatar green .    non-intent
I need texting buddies .    trifle
I LOVE TO COOK YUMMY FOOD !    food
I might have forgotten about the tick , but where it was in me still hurts , so I keep getting reminded and grossed out !    non-intent
I will admit . Its been a long weekend . A long , sad , depressing weekend .    non-intent
I wanna go to Japan right now !!! #รวมฮิตtwitter    travel
I need another job and ajc reports we are in double digit unemployment !! Geeez like we didnt know !!    career
I need something cold ... yumm a popsicle    food
I wanna go home now ... =/ But I gotta wait .. Oh well . Phone gonna die . Haha !    trifle
I wanna go home and take a shower !    trifle
I need some uptempo music . I have reached THAT time of the day when all I really want is a nap . Dancing and singing should help .    event
I didn't mean to fall in love , but i did . And you didn't mean to love me back but i know you did .    non-intent
I really like minute maid orange juice with no pulp makes me wanna drive out and buy a minute maid orange and stick a straw in it like on tv    food
I will be at Episcolunch today at noon in the River Market in Little Rock .    non-intent
I WANNA GO TO EUROPE !! OR AUSSIE !    travel
I really want KFC because of the Michael Jackson funeral .    food
I should leave work to get more starbucks ... i mean they ouldnt notice    food
I should learn not to wear white and eat pizza    trifle
I hope you don't hate me , like I fear you do .    trifle
I gotta go to watching the cinema ' Bruno ' is it fun and good ????    event
I really want to watch the Muppet Show , and i have no idea why    event
i want to change the channel but come on ... it's STEEL MAGNOLIAS !!!    non-intent
i need to get a flash drive ...... lame    goods
I go on vacation in 2 days !!!! I'm so excited , and I just can't hide it !    travel
I wanted to be a counsellor , but now I just want a nice quiet job .    career
I think I may require coffee . Time to visit the new Caffe Ladro location in the Issaquah Highlands ! Iced medici , or sweet chai latte ?    food
I wanna be a pirate . Its a pirates life for me ! Arrrrrr    career
I could go for falafel ... we should work on that ...    food
I havent been tweeting a lot those past two days , been busy ! I love tweeting =D    non-intent
I just wanted to buy an iPhone and be done with it . But noooo . It's got Flash and it's probably a lot cheaper .    goods
I wanna move to Toronto next year w/ my bff . I can't have a music career in this tiny town ...    travel
I hate it when I go to the store for peach sorbet and they have none . RAWR .    goods
I need a glass of water    food
I am a Virgo too , I totally understand ! LOL    non-intent
I need a social life    event
I need a job SOOO BAAD !!! I'm about to apply at the strip club up the street from my house . Yeah , I think I've got the goods . HA !    career
i could really use a cigarette right about now !    non-intent
I must visit my brother in Hawaii some day . The photos he sends me are awesome !    travel
I need caffeine in my bloodstream .    food
I need a job in KC anyone have any ideas or jobs ?    career
I am am on vacation in Oklahoma . I will be back in Houston soon .    travel
i want to see Gary Allan !!!!    event
I want a new phone , Do I dare giving up my BBM's ?    goods
I totally hate talking on the phone !    non-intent
I try and try everyday , but I never seem to make it out with my sanity ...    non-intent
I get to do some more work in Maya . Days when I learn something new automatically qualify as good .    career
I could really use an iced mocha or energy drink right now    food
I pour water on my cappuccino , I mix , I drink ... it's cold . I forgot to heat the water . Damn kettle . Long live the micro-waves !    non-intent
I am actually hungry .. do I want a shrimp quesadilla or chicken potstickers ?    food
i can just imagine when school start OMG !    non-intent
I need to go watch Harry Potter in 3-D Soon !!!!    event
I think I need some chocolate to help me get creative    food
I need to find a studio in atlanta ... I good one !!    goods
I think I'm gonna check out True Blood on HBO ... Apparently it's pretty good ...?    event
I need more time in a day !! Ahh !    trifle
I wish I could punch someone .    trifle
I really need a day of pure relaxation , but that's not happening today    event
I know you have a little life in you yet . I know you have alot of strength left .    non-intent
I need to see a shrink and soon !    trifle
I got music test tomorrow but i havent study for it .    non-intent
I need a pedicure .... massage .... And a new hair cut    goods
i could listen to daniel merriweather's voice forever .    event
I want a DSLR but I don't know what brand . Nikon or Canon ? I want to try and get it duty free .    goods
I need to do activities that don't involve alcohol today .....    event
I want a world-wide sing-along of " We Are the World " . At the same time , or at noon on a given day in each timezone . Please RT .    event
I want cake .. or something cookies ? yumm wish I had the ingredients >=|    food
I tried to hate him . I never could . He is my weekness . He was my cancer . And he is back in my life .    trifle
I am so sad . I knew it would happen one day . I needed to say goodbye and hear her voice again , one last time .    non-intent
I really wanna go to the UniverseSoul Circus !! Too bad I don't have anyone to go with ... ='(    event
I need a haircut . Last night I had a dream in which I had long hair again .    goods
i really wanna go to the beach right now , road trip anyone ?    travel
i have to go do the dishes . so ... well , i guess it doesnt really matter cuz no ones here . lol .    trifle
I hope the weather holds up for this weekend .. I want to go to the park ..    travel
I got a really sweet job offer . Even if I get paid shit for it , I will be a legitimate , paid writer . How fucking cool is that ?    career
I know what i need to do ... its just time for me to do it !    non-intent
I will never buy ikea furniture again . I'm just sayin    goods
I really want to win ticket to the iTunes festival to see my guilty pleasure - Snow Patrol , free tickets would be a good excuse to see them !    event
I think I just heard something . Did you hear it ?    non-intent
I am going to be changing my name in less than two months . That is just a really weird thing to think about .    trifle
I seriously need to get a new computer ... my desktop is soooo slow !    goods
I have to eat because I'm hungry , but I so don't have a desire for anything .    food
I may put 2 new songs on the mix I just got .... They're slappers .    non-intent
I did what I could for all ... Good night !    non-intent
I want some fresh cooked pancakes !!! YUMMY !!!    food
I have no plans of ever going back to ATL ! I havent been there since I left 2 yrs ago ! What about " I despise ATL ! " dont u understand !! Fuck !    non-intent
i went to 7-11 to have my money changed .. i got hungry and bought some hotdogs and gatorade red    food
I hate it when i walk outside to smoke during my break , THEN u realize i have to pee .    trifle
I like to move it move it .. I like to ? Move it ?    non-intent
I forgot to mention that I rode a mechanical bull last weekend .... and proceeded to rule out that profession as a viable alternative    non-intent
I want the new BMW Z4 so bad !!! #dreamcar    goods
i need to get a formal dress and a dress for a wedding ... help me . not to mention the wedding present .    goods
I really want to take a shower ! Cmon body woooorrrrk !    trifle
I wanna go c the new transformer movie !    event
I need the names of two or three well-known nz fashion designers ....?    trifle
i want to get a REALLY good app for 99 cents but im not sure what i should get    goods
I really dislike being sick . It's like being punched in the gut with a shotgun .    trifle
I need a camping trip . I want to smell pine needles and listen to birds while eating chili mac by the light of my headlamp    travel
I really need to get out and shoot . I am becoming a studio snob . I used to HATE shooting in studio . Who wants to hang at a park with me ? #fb    event
i need to go to the doctors .    goods
I want me a firefighter !!!!! Yummy yummy    food
I love him nope than anything ... i wanna marry that boy someday !    trifle
I cant stop thinking about the book Dewey . poor thing . he was one of the best cats ever from what i could tell .    non-intent
I need to move forward ..    trifle
I think it's time I went to visit another country . Any suggestions ?    travel
I need an apartment .    goods
I just wanna go home !!    trifle
i wanna rock with you !!    trifle
I think i will never get a tattoo bc i don't know what to get or where to get it & i don't like pain ...    non-intent
I want to shop for my trip on August .    travel
I tend to swear a lot when I am stressed .    trifle
I miss playin the drums and keyboard . I wonder if I can still go in .    non-intent
i might have my brother talked into a twitter ( fingers crossed )    non-intent
I would buy an iPhone if they would offer service through another company ... not a fan of AT&T    goods
I wanna play some ball . Thats what im on this earth for . to play ball and be nice to people ...... real talk    event
i wanna go shopping 2day and get some clothes for the trip . yay ! i <3 shopping ... just cnt afford it . haha .    event
I am going to school to get a degree    career
i think i am addicted to sex .    non-intent
I think I know why I am dreaming of so much poo .. although I had my dreams .... before I started playing .    non-intent
I could use a sweet tea from Starbucks right about now    food
i think i did good =)    non-intent
i really need to improve my grammar ._.    career
I am going to the Marmon Grand to a Stepper Set which is a dance party after work ..    event
I need to get myself some new music    event
i want to thanks everyone who showed up today at pass and stow for the travis mccoy meet and greet !!!    trifle
I could really go for some bright orange glowing cheese right now . I would like it best if it actually glowed in the dark .    food
I just run in the morning mostly . Ha but i know you hate waking up before eleven ;)    non-intent
i will take any and all advice on how to make a pinched nerve in my neck more fun    non-intent
I am going to start a game called challenge speedy toni and want everyone to send me silly challenges every day haha !    event
I hate being that slutty girl .... but i definitely was tonight . Yikes    non-intent
I go to Holland , to the beach and Aaltendagen .    travel
I really need a job , and no one's hiring .    career
I would trade any extended family member to have Stevie Nicks as an aunt .    non-intent
I think I want a bold ughh    trifle
I wanna apply for American Brewers Guild training .    career
I think I have something stuck in my cornea =(    non-intent
I usually love fruit salad ! But tonight this is so gross !! Ugh    food
I could kill somebody right now    trifle
I should move to Singapore instead of moving to Taiwan . But ..... the things is ... VISA anytime .    travel
I sware by God ! I want out of this sad marriage ! I sware ! I sware ! I sware ! I sware ! I sware ! I sware ! BY GOD I SWARE I WANT OUT !    trifle
I want a job where I can travel the world and get paid .    career
I really hate unnecessarily loud people .    trifle
I am going to the movies to see The Hangover    event
i really cant stand people who fuckin lie -_-"    trifle
I am super excited about camp this weekend . But not excited about the long day before I get to go there .    travel
I could have sworn I saw our talent give our director the twinkle eye after a compliment ..    non-intent
I wanna go on holiday to Canada ! I've developed some wonderful friends there over the years . ♥    travel
I really hate laying on meh butt and not doing anything .    non-intent
I want to go to Birmingham's famous Waterhall Gallery but Lenny my lumbering driver wants to go shopping at a place called the bullring .    event
I just want to take a nap ...    trifle
I am hungry now , i think i can eat an elephant now ....    food
I need to get my brain moving thing morning , so I'll listen to some swimming with dolphins    trifle
I hope to see you again tomorrow ! I´m soo in love with you ! You´ll by my side at the moment ! But I miss you !    trifle
I NEED A VACATION PEOPLE !!!!!!! And my back hurts like HELL ( OUCH ! ) .    travel
I want food . Lots of it , in my belly . all the time . and i cant . im fucking starving . food foood foood    food
I want pancakes . If u know where I live , where would u recommend I go ?    food
I need more money in which to engage in more social activities .    event
I go to the club to have a drink and listen to loud music ! NOT to meet niggas ! I'm so ABOVE being a booty call !    food
I think I want to learn how to swim , as opposed to the ' not drowning ' I do now .    career
I mean if Spotify are recruiting for the US op then I would like to apply , I've been onto the site but no indication of how to apply , help    career
I need a new avatar .    goods
I wanna go to the circus ! My sis and her bf went ! =(    event
I want chocolate ... Preferably filled with peanutbutter    food
I really hate people ..    trifle
I need to get a new job . Wish me luck !    career
I have to say that I am lovin what my new shirt is doin for the girls lmao    non-intent
I NEED a job !...... random question do you all remember when people used to say they could speak pig latin ? I never understood it !    career
I want eat pizza .. RIGHT NOW    food
I think I need to find new fun music . This playlist is getting old .    event
I think I'll have Burger King for lunch today !!!!    food
I really wanted 2 cry but i just sucked it up    trifle
I want * so * badly to go to a music festival someday .    event
I need a break . I'll ttyl !    trifle
I think I drooled a little    non-intent
I want nothing more than to buy ice cream from the truck playing the Tetris song .    goods
I really hope the ride brings starbucks <3    food
I want a cat & a pet sheep .    goods
I really like Ginny .    food
I really want to make this delicious bisque , dammit    food
I finally get to see my sister !! =D I havent seen her since October .    non-intent
I am about to go have lunch with my husband and my boys . =]    food
I think they call them slowpokes because you have to poke them to move faster , those darn slow-you-must-poke-thems .    non-intent
I just don't understand ..    non-intent
I REALLY CANT WAIT TO SEE MY CUZS AGAIN AND I CANT WAIT FOR THE PARTY !!!!!!!!!    event
I had to delete the Twitter application in FB to make the madness stop !    goods
I wana rooooock with you all niiite ...... Dance the night awaaay !! RIP Micheal Jackson .    event
I have to start looking with my heart and be more appreciative of things .    trifle
I wish I can fly to the milky waaaaay !    trifle
i want to get a master degree however i have mortgage and it is very hard to spare time to study .    career
i think i'm gonna be a jewel thief ...    career
I need help with my phone    goods
I had to come on here after all the news from today ... Opened my eyes to what purpose a twit serves .    non-intent
i should probably be packing ...    trifle
I want chocolate chip cookies . Too much salt tonight .    food
I want an iPhone ... but has Verizon in her will . Wants an iPod Touch with a 3g network .... is that so much to ask for ? Anyone have advice ?    goods
I could eat a southern style chicken sammich with sweet tea every day    food
i really cannot type accurately on this blackberry    goods
I cannot wait for the #WonderGirls concert <3 but I need to finish my gifts for them !    event
I want a sexy business man with a brain , who's single    trifle
i need to take a shower    trifle
I hate misssin tweets but I must say " today was a good day "    non-intent
I need chocolate . Like , bad    food
I wanna go see No Doubt !!    event
I miss JKAVX evillism gang ! Hope that next next saturday I can go birthday celebration with them !!!    event
I wanna dance in the rain ... bust serious moves under the droplets !    event
I want a WaWa sandwich ... I'm so hungry !!!    food
I have lots of ideas of what I want to , and what I should do today . If only there were more hours in the day ...    non-intent
i will have a good day    non-intent
I wanna see the evangelion movie ha in the cinema one more time . my most favorite charactor is Aska . one reason is same name as me .    event
I want you more that ever    trifle
I WANNA GET OUT OF SINGAPORE !    travel
I guess I can go eat some lunch in peace now .    food
I hope you have not been leading a double life , pretending to be wicked and being really good all the time . That would be hypocrisy .    non-intent
I guess I forgot the ' up ' in ' I think I need to throw up '    non-intent
I need to go 6th Form Shopping ... but where ???    goods
I wanna watch New moon already ! ♥    event
I WANT TO LEARN TO MAKE ASSAM PEDAS FISH !    food
I need a new phoneee .    goods
I Could Be Come A Body So I Dont Trust Nobody !    non-intent
I want a chocolate chip cream drink . Now !    food
i needa clean my room before my mommy and daddy gets here . mommy has major OCD issues on tidyness .. =/    event
i am going to burn some toast so it looks like it has the virgin mary on one side and jesus on the other so i can put on ebay and make money    trifle
I NEED SOMEONE TO PUSH ME IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION !! I NEED TO STOP PROCRASTINATING !!!    trifle
I suck at being social . I try . I try really hard . I go to parties , I go to dinner , I .... just suck at this .    trifle
I am so ready to get a new phone    goods
I may be alone on this , but I'll yell it from the highest mountain .... I LOVE Richard Wolffe .    non-intent
i wish we could see more stars in the sky !!    trifle
I should get home , but ...    trifle
I am going to have a very good day , I can tell !    trifle
I plan to go to Armenisti camping this weekend . I haven't done smth like this since 2000 . How can someone charge his mobile in a camping ?    travel
i have to be up in less than 4 hrs to drive to tulsa . at least i'll get to see my boys for tee last time for a while . this week is hell week    non-intent
I really love it ... Man it's hard to decide ..    trifle
I had a nice lil dream ... seen some people I havent seen in a while    non-intent
I need the fooooods .    food
I want a veggi burger I've not had food with in 24 hours omg .    food
I wanna buy a season ticket to Old Trafford !!!! But its so expensive ! ( 0.5 working days then HOLIDAY ! )    event
I can't remember where I parked you , but I know you wont start .    non-intent
I want it to rain badly .    trifle
I wanna go to Vegas right now , let's go . in Murrieta , CA    travel
I wanna be a flight attendant =(    career
I wanna go to the beach !!! *.*    travel
I need a Starbeees real bad . I'm talkin I turn into Tayzilla if I don't have the strongest espresso drink . Done and done .    food
I think I have it already    non-intent
I should just shoot myself now ..    trifle
I get to go to savanna tennessee tomorow , to visit family and friends . But i miss out on work !    travel
I get to go and char meat tonight ! The Iran thing is somewhat interesting #squarespace    food
I NEED to find my passport . We have places to GO !    travel
i wana eat my baby momma pu$$y    food
i need to find a job advert for careers D;    career
I need ice cream to put out fire -.-    food
I need a lemon pasta break w/a little wine too .    food
I wanna play some ball , whats good ?    event
I need interaction . deeply .    trifle
I really need a part time job/side income ... Please anyone ?!!    career
I need a JOB ! I've been searching for weeks now !    career
I should be cleaning right now ....    trifle
I want to be a drummer .    career
I just need to stop screwing up big time ...    trifle
I decided to head to grand . Told cj why i was upset . Now he wants to walk me to the party .. Naturally    non-intent
I hope they get the MJ celebration Right    event
I ought to get up , shower , and pack my bag for my trip to Houston that's tomorrow ... I really ought to ...    trifle
I should be doing my English homework right now .. but I don't want to );    career
I wanna go home and sleeeep !    trifle
I hope to have some skittles in a few hours yummmmm    goods
I just wanna say .... i could live on applesauce .    non-intent
I think I might watch some daytime television . There's usually NOTHING on .    event
I want a Blackberry !!!    goods
I get to lie in tomorrow - and it's going to be AWESOME .    trifle
I so want to travel the world !    travel
I need to pick up a jump rope for training    event
I wanna get a tattoo .    goods
I need to give more love to typography !    trifle
I think I should upload some photos to flickr ... maybe after work    event
I got so much done today and I got to go swimming !    event
I enjoy my work but do need to supplement my income , which is why I offer the sites I have to others who also are seeking additional income    career
i need a nice friend , some advil and day off work please .    event
I need new songs for my myspace page ? Any one want to recommend a song to add to the playlist ?    event
I mad . I swear I said sunflowers ! & My brother stole my fucking charger AGAIN .    non-intent
I really hate the sound of ticking clock . Its a bad omen !    trifle
I need to buy cute gym clothes . There are cuties in the gym .    goods
I want some milk and cookies !    food
I lost like 10 followers over the weekend I must be super boring !!! I need followers    non-intent
I think I just ate bad tuna =[ If I get food poisoning I'm going to punch twitter where it hurts !!!!    non-intent
I think I am only going to work 5 hours today , maybe a bit tomorrow morning , but I think an early day today is in order .    career
I need to have more followers .    goods
I need a pen . not a biro though , it must be more inky ...    goods
i wish i can stop waking up in the middle of the night ... what the hell is wrong with me    trifle
I think I'm gonna go watch some movies and nap . I love lazy Sundays . They're my favorite . P.S. I'm thirsty .    event
I really don't want to know how many women Mark Sanford " crossed the ultimate line " with . On a related note , ick .    non-intent
I really love the Colbert Report !    event
I need to buy some coasters .    goods
I wanna throw my phone .    trifle
i need to get a new phone again . wtf    goods
I need pictures of people . if you get this send me a picture so I can save it to your contact info    trifle
I need a damn nap ...    trifle
I am thirsty as hell , hmmm , coke , water or a milkshake .. I am going to be crazy and opt for the water !    food
I really wanna go running . I'm gonna go to the gym as soon as I get home tomorrow ! I need one of those arm bands for ipods though .    event
I really can't believe it ... Hmm ohh well    non-intent
I wanna eat breakfast . Wonder if today's meal is delicious .    food
I love European soccer , I think I'm going to move to Italy when I graduate    travel
I think i spelt finaly/finally/finnaly wrong .... ugh , mushy brain again ...    trifle
I have to go watch the Maury Show !!!! Then Steve Wilkos !    event
I have to pee . Good night , world .    trifle
I think I'll do nothing today .    non-intent
i think i will stay another 10 minutes with laptop and then go .    trifle
I want a boyfriend that enjoys fishing , go-go dancing and ghost hunting .    event
I need a new life motto ! Any suggestions ?!?    trifle
I really hope that helped .    non-intent
I think I have cracked the code    non-intent
I really need to go to the gym . But I also really don't want to go today .    event
I would dig getting a free iPhone from #squarespace !    goods
I want 2 get on the back of a jet ski ohhhh I can't wait till next month vaca is near    event
I don't ROLF and I definitely don't ROTFL    non-intent
I could be a hater but at least I have a date !!!!!!    non-intent
I HOPE THEY MAKE IT SAFELY TO DENVER !!    non-intent
I just want to fly italy , buy fresh bread and cheese . Sit out and watch the sunset with a glass of tuscan wine    travel
I bid thee welcome good day . For now I must wake and slay thee .    trifle
I supposedly have a lunch date with friends tomorrow , but no one's told me where or when ! I really hate unorganized people .    non-intent
I NEED to go running - I haven't ran since Monday and it's making me grumpy !    event
I really need to get up and have a shower . Come on you lazy git !    trifle
I should be cooking dinner but had to pop in twitter ... oh boy I can't pull away .. the force is too great .    trifle
I just wanted to say Happy Birthday ........ To the Man I love !! Sending you kisses Sexy ...... Love you !!    trifle
I want to love you , P.Y.T !    trifle
I wanna be the kind of person that follows principle over passion ... all the time ! God help me .    trifle
I do not know what I am doing , but I am home . I should be doing dishes . Or sleeeeeepingggggggggggg .    trifle
I think I need a job .    career
I just don't believe you . And if you are lying then I'm DONE . That's all I have to say .    non-intent
I want to become a yoga instructor , ya ?    career
I really need to find a place to lash out . Not a journal . Guess my blog ? Have a kid with a caption bubble .. then thoughts ..    event
I am going to make a Fruit Coppler to day . Looking for a good one to make .    food
i wanna go to the beach T_T    travel
I should really clean my room .. Nah !    trifle
I think i just pissed off the youngest sister . ouch !!!    non-intent
I need to buy drumsticks . Just saw a tranny at la tolteca .    goods
I so need to go to the cinema havnt been in aages ! So many films I need to see !    event
I need to nap ... even if its for a hour .    trifle
i should be a superhero ... i keep the peace    career
I am hungry . This is a sign I should eat dinner .    food
I really dislike eating anything other than fruit for breakfast .    food
I need a job soon !! Being laid off sucks !    career
i want a army print vest !!! it would be a great addition !    goods
I just wanna rock and roll all night and party everyday !    event
I am going to the oregon coast tomorrow so good by and I am happy can`t you tell .    travel
I should have drank more last night .    food
I like to experiment with making food . Sometimes it's yummy ... Sometimes it's not .    food
I need to wrap my head around the fact that , even though it's a green tea smoothie , that doesn't mean it's good for me .    trifle
I keep thinking it's Thursday . And I get excited cause I would get paid the next day . Then I realize it's not Thursday and get sad .    non-intent
I fear of having to get let down . But I know what I need to do but the thing is I help but you dont have to accept . But Im ok though ...    non-intent
I think we need to be fair and balanced in the story of the graduate who bowed . Let's hear from the superintendent . So far , I'm with her .    non-intent
I think it's time to move this party to my room . See you later , twits .    event
I am gonna buy a new camera phone !!! Not just the photos but i want it to have a better video resolution and quality ... Can some one suggest    goods
I gonna listen The Strokes , awesome band !!    event
I wish I could get a cat , I would name her prudence    goods
I need a new doctor . Who's the best in town ?    goods
I meant to say ' intimidating ' . I'm not sure why I didn't . Must be these damn shoelaces .    non-intent
I need a Nap ! ... work then my moms then watching wrestling & working out    trifle
I got food poisoning today ... don't know when and where I will ever use it .    non-intent
I didnt know that . Now I definitely must send em . I love to write . I have trouble desiding what I should do with them . What do you think ?    non-intent
I tried to sell McDonalds my idea for a Tuna Milkshake . They didn't like it . I'm heading to Burger King tomorrow .    food
I can always tell when I'm having an introspective day . Those are the days that I don't skip " Viva La Vida " on my MP3 immediately #coldplay    non-intent
I am watchin entourage I missed it on sunday I will watch it today    event
I think I have to face facts and admit that I have a problem . I am addicted to El Pollo Loco .    non-intent
I need more followers who going to let GOD use them and assist me .... HELP ME GOD    trifle
I might go bowling or something tomorrow . Maybe . If my dad takes me lol    event
I need to bake something ..... hmm .    food
I had an awful day yesterday , I hope I could make better this time .    trifle
I need to really learn how to bite my tongue and smile even if someone is blatantly wrong .    career
I want a really good sandwhich . Maybe I will visit Publix . I want a gourmet , 15 dollar sandwhich    food
i wanna go to a concert , some place , some time , .......    event
I want to be a writer , I just don't know what I am supposed to write .    career
I tried to book Michael Jackson once . I went through lastminutedeals.com, they send me a skin sample and a white button .    event
I totally just saw Tubby Smith at the liquor store .    non-intent
I might finally go to see harry potter this evening    event
I guess by now it's safe 2 say , I don't care anymore . I'm my own person . I don't see anyone below me n I definitely don't see anyone above me .    non-intent
i want a pet penguin ... i would call him melvin and we would be the best of friends    goods
I guess I will have to settle for my wild imaganation    trifle
I should just walk to the bar .... Uggghh    event
I wanna travel the world when Im done with school ! I think it would be awesome !    travel
I should have air dry my jeans ...    non-intent
I have to fly to San Jose today , and drive to Monterey . Spirit West Coast tonight . Kutless headlines Air 1 stage . Be there !!!    travel
I needa brush my teeth    trifle
I can also be used privately .    non-intent
I want to be with you , and you want to be with me , we're both busy and it's just not getting done ...    trifle
i will survive - cake . ftw .    non-intent
I think I'll bake cookies -- and not give any to our bad neighbors -- see earlier post for explanation . And I make super incredible cookies !    food
I really really miss Europe and the States    travel
I have got to get something to eat . Later    food
I hope I've touched your mind . I hope you liked it . I know I sure did !    trifle
I have to choose between my future and my past . Looking at my past , I think I'll take my future . No contest .    trifle
I can't be at work right now . I need some goose and some juice asap !    food
I can not wait for my trip to Chicago ... I will be reunited with my Love !    travel
I really don't think I can stay in my house for one more day . Hopefully I'll find something to do tomorrow .    trifle
i need a job . damn this recession    career
I am going to say something to her tomorrow ! My daddy ain't raise no punk    trifle
I may have risen but i refuse to shine ...    non-intent
I need to get new hobby !    event
I will be posting video from #PrideTO throughout the day , they will be going to my twitter and facebook automatically , keep your eyes peeled !    event
I need to say exactly what I want to hear .    non-intent
I need to get a parttime job . Any ideas ?    career
I havent eaten yet . ); Im super hungry .    food
I need a passport . It's time to start planning a trip to Europe .    travel
I think I want to be a school guidance counselor when I grow up .    career
I want to go take pictures today ! And I really really want to go to anchorage . Hopefully we aren't too tired .    event
I want some holidays ... the sea , the sun .... but I'm still at home !! grrr !    travel
I need to learn something new , maybe I should go to college for interior design ...    career
I am hungry ... I am too lazy to cook haha ! Guess I will sneak some goodies into the movie later shhh !!!    food
I GOT A WAY TO SELL WNBA TICKETS ..... TIGHTS ...... I WOULD BE A SEASON TICKET HOLDER THEN ......    event
I don't think I've eaten an actual meal in four days ... No , I definitely haven't .    non-intent
I like to look at my life as one big social experiment    non-intent
I need a vacation lol I'm wore out ... Wish I could move out !!!!    travel
I wanna play netball with FRIENDS .    event
I MIGHT BE A FOOL , BUT YOU MIGHT BE ONE TOO !    trifle
I need a new job ... wonder if Fangtasia is hiring ?! That'd be a blast .    career
I need to relist my stuff on eBay but my fees are too high right now to do so . Damn .    goods
I wish you could buy a bag of just blue raspberry jolly ranchers .    goods
I can't think of what I want for my bday ...?!?!??!?!    non-intent
I could make a beach volleyball court with all the sand in my cast    event
I can almost see it , that dream I'm dreaming , but there's a voice inside my head sayin you'll never reach it .    non-intent
I just can't get in to the twitter stuff !!!!!!    non-intent
I really hate myself    non-intent
I like to eat . I like a icecream . I like a banana . I wish I had a something to eat .    food
I need a job and I need to right a mistake I did .    career
i tried to stay away but i cant . i am so weak .    non-intent
I really need a massage ... any takers ?    goods
I just wanna go back to philly !!    trifle
i have to go buy lots of weiners    goods
I Think I Wanna Move 2 Miami ... Whos With Me ?    travel
I think I finally figures out how to stop the updates . We shall see ...    non-intent
I have a friend called jorden . she has red hair , an awesome singer and is in love with mr. sartain . I want red hair like her !!!    goods
I need a girl that doesn't mind washin my hair once a week . Smh .    non-intent
I think I am hungry . I think I want a hot dog .    food
I dreamed I had to find a job , because my student funding was only 15.00 a week    career
I absolutely never know anything Never knew I could say hey ! ~    non-intent
I want a strawberry tattoo like Katy Perry . Too cute ! Actually , I just want another tattoo !    food
I need a pedicure !! What color should I get ?? I've had teal for the past couple of weeks ... hmmm purple zebra ?    goods
I might even be a rockstar !    career
I think I shall never learn to stay away from the IMDB message boards . . .    trifle
i need friends on twitter ;-(    trifle
i really want a cookie right about now    food
I gotta say , I've had a lot more energy in the morning since stopping coffee    trifle
I should go for a ride with my dog .... but now i am here .... probably later on i will walk my dog and get some fresh air .....    event
I think i must have the kind of face that attracts obese , stinky , demented , mentally ill , needy and otherwise fucked up people .....    non-intent
I need my bra .. still in the dryer ..    goods
I need to go to Ikea soon to buy stuff for our new place . Anyone care to join me ?    goods
i come home to find out my dog was attacked by 2 pitbulls , wonderful !!    non-intent
I wanna go to canada sooooo bad !    travel
I wanna use the Bummie theme I saw just now but .... ARRRRGH . =.=    goods
I had something super clever to say this morning , but I wanted to wait until more ppl were up . Now I forgot what I wanted to say    non-intent
I Wanna Go To Italy .    travel
I think I like the iPhone version of tweetdeck better than the desktop version ... too bulky ...    non-intent
I want to buy nice clothessssss !    goods
I WANT SOME MORE COLD STONE ICECREAM * SIGH    food
I need something to eat . I think my stomach is beginning to eat itself . I've been up since 3 a.m. and haven't had all but a hashbrown .    food
I want cookies and I want my cat and I want home .    food
I really hate the way everyone ELSE looks too .    non-intent
i think i can i think i can !    non-intent
I might just take her offer . And I'll never be back home . Its time to move on , sorry .    career
I need a AT&T hook up on a iPhone , anybody ? I can only twitter at home on my itouch or wherever wifi is .    goods
I just can't remember *    non-intent
I think I should buy an Ecto 1 ?    goods
I think I may consider having a productive day tomorrow =]    career
I think i must be a little paranoid .... or just plain crazy ?    trifle
I suppose I should get a shower and put some clothes on .    trifle
I think it's time to upgrade phone . You will all ENVY me . At least until Apple decides to make an iPhone for Verizon .    goods
I really really want to play volleyball ...    event
I know I said I'd be there , but I'm so tired and work in the AM . I know once we started talking I'd never leave . But they leave soon ! GRR .    non-intent
I really want to be in Colorado right now . Will someone come get me and drive me there ?!    travel
I wanna see a full sunny day with no clouds soon . I don't like clouds .    trifle
I want a strawberry wild original jamba juice .    food
i think i love johnny durham XD    trifle
I want a bacon , egg , & cheese sandwich on a hero . Yummmmm !!!    food
I am insanely hungry this mernting . Ooooh I want a McGriddle , and I don't even eat MacDonals .    food
i wanna go to the beachhhh hopefully on sundayyyyyy    event
I really hope that Liverpool's fascist owners don't sell our first team    non-intent
I need a new camera desperately ... Decisions , decisions ..    goods
I eat what I want I don't work out I strut and been a size 5 since 15 hol    non-intent
i think I'm gonna " hit the hay " . for real this time . ha .    non-intent
I wanna forget you ... I try it , but I can't    trifle
I spent so many time for known myself , and known how to do and how 2 give up , now I think I may win ..    non-intent
I really love baseball's midseason festivities , so many haters out there that think the NFL and NBA are better , they just aren't .    event
I really liking the new Emmure song .    event
I really need to get overseas and experience a different culture . Italy , France or Spain . The US is so over-marketed on everything .    travel
I might eat filet mignon today    food
I think I know the laws behind my job and do not need someone in a different profession telling me how to do my job !    non-intent
I have to see the film " The propsal " it looks really good .    event
I want Starbucks !! Maybe that would help wake me up !!!    food
I need some concert tickets at Essence . anybody got any ?    goods
I am so hungry i would eat a steak at sizzler    food
I seriously need to go to the dentist to whiten my teeth and trim my hair . I look damn horrible now , like shit .    goods
i want to take a shower and just chill    trifle
I want some Singapore Noodles !    food
i have to wash a bunch of clothes tomorrow . ugh    trifle
I really really want to visit Iceland sometime in my life .    travel
I need to go home .. haven't seen my family in a while    trifle
I hate what now I must do .    non-intent
I have made a total of 243 different bead sprites pieces since I started in 2007 . ( I'm not counting sold pieces I forgot to photograph )    non-intent
I wanna go to best buy and get a flash drive    goods
I want the lakers to lose on sunday and win it in game 6 !!    event
I want a love like Noah from The Notebook*sigh ***    trifle
i wanna be at warped . i have passes . im stuck here . at work . sitting . doing nothing . closing inventory . so bummed . .....    non-intent
I should have went to my car and slept .    trifle
I thought #moonfruit was an actual fruit . LOL . I will participate in the contest .    event
I need a venue for this freakin ' party !!! Ugh !    event
I want to go somewhere today ! My hair looks to freakin ' pretty for just no one to see . Ugh .    goods
I know what i want to do with my hair ! But i don't know when i'm gonna do it . Hah    non-intent
I might put the " GLOVE " on tonight when I perform 2night ....    non-intent
i wanna win the lotto so i don't HAVE to work .    event
I know you're not my girlfriend but , I swear that I love you .... baby I do ..... and I know you love me too    non-intent
I spent $8 for a watermelon today ! I have to say ... it was delicious !    food
I think I am going to apply for the crime analyst position with MPD ... seems like a perfect fit and I can leave that silly security gig    career
I need to eat at Coco Brooks more . Enjoying a delicious salad from them I got at work today . Their pizza is really tasty too .    food
I think i lost a ladder . Seriously ... How does one lose a ladder ?    non-intent
I can totally txt again !!! \(^-^)/    non-intent
I got a high D on my test ... Better that what I thought ... Calculated it .. I Definitely got a C at the least but I can get a B still v ...    non-intent
I just wanna sleeeeep . It's storming and I love it .    trifle
I want to see Bruno when it comes out . Looks hilarious    event
I should bake me some cookies    food
I need a lap blanket . There is something wrong with UK summer .    goods
I wanna see the movie Funny People    event
I just want to be happy ..........    trifle
I could have sucked like that . and for a lot less money !    non-intent
I am writing a list of things I am going to change in my life starting NOW .    non-intent
I need to get some sun , I'm too white !    trifle
I think I might read my Harry Potter 6 book tomorrow .    event
I forgot to rub my sunscreen in !! AHHHHHHHHHH !!!    non-intent
I think I just scared the crap out of some old people by pulling into the handicapped spot in front of theirs right before they pulled o ...    non-intent
I AM GONNA END TO TALK WITH MY FRIEND & I START TAKING A SHOWER =)    trifle
I need for football season to start .    event
I should go home and pack soon .    trifle
I havent been on here in foreverrrr    non-intent
I want a clever T-shirt that declares my ( odd as it may be ) command line editor of choice as nano .    goods
I need to stop looking at what I want and focus on what I need .    non-intent
I really enjoy American Taxi . You all should check them out .    non-intent
I should get a new iPod .... and headphones . Long plane ride coming up .    goods
I need to go for a drive !    event
I really miss summer ... Need to check weather statistics , I bet this was one of the wettest summers ever    trifle
I hope I get a new toy soon    goods
I wanna go watch the time travelers wife !!!    event
I need to clean my room n do homework nooo    trifle
I wanna shower , Iwill    trifle
I really enjoyed product development meeting this morning . Focusing on customer needs . Thinking of ideas that we can present to customers .    non-intent
i might go play basketball today can't wait till this season coming ima score my 2,000 point for high school career ima tryin 2g2 da party    event
I need to find a job for many reasons , among them being I need the free coffee as I've discovered i'm an abysmal home barista !    career
I think I just seen Les Claypool ..... oh-false alarm ... it was Wes Claypool .    non-intent
I need more green shirts .    goods
I want to travel the world    travel
I want to witness something shocking today .    trifle
I gonna go to BBQ ;) sooo excited !!    event
I want my period dammit ! ( Don't ask . )    trifle
I think I'm gonna go watch a movie by myself tonight .    event
I wanna play golf again !    event
I might go back to using facebook now and again , seeing as im such a F1 addict .    event
i would be an awesome travel agent .    travel
I am having an identity crisis . Am I really a nice girl with an angry streak , or am I a really an angry girl who's got a good perky facade ?    non-intent
I think there's no purpose to what I've been doing these last few weeks if this shit goes the other way . I really don't see the point at all    non-intent
I really want to go fishing today ! Why does it have to be so hot ???    event
I wanna travel the world ! how much do Flight Attendents get paid ?    travel
I AM SICK !!!! GOD HELP ME , I MAY DIE .    trifle
I hate everything ! I just want to cry and die !!    trifle
I really want a sandwich and some soup from Panera Bread ... really bad !    food
I have a headache , I want a red bull . Then I think I can focus on the music for those voices in my head .    goods
I got to be strong , just keep pushing on .    career
I wanna play with Legos .    event
I need some inspiration ... I really do .    trifle
I am gonna be watching Aliens in a moment .    event
I want to be like George H W Bush when I grow !!    career
I am OVER this rain . I want to ride by bicycle , not be stuck on the treadmill at the gym ! I could re-buff my upper body I guess ...    event
I want to join the aspca    career
I havent been on a date in ....... wow ..... it's been a long time ! I wonder why it's been so long ....    non-intent
I hope I have a better day today !    trifle
I really dont have time for insomnia right now ... Can i postpone it somehow ?    trifle
I think I might be going to demi's concert ? Ashley and Taylor are looking into it , so stoked <3 goodnight my beautiful people ! -hahah ftw ?    event
I think I'm going to bake my sister a cake now .    food
i wanna watch transformers 2 !!!!!    event
I need to pee and the next rest area is 26 miles away .    trifle
I think I'll go on a night hike . Tomorrow I will get a job !!    event
I might not be loved , / might even end up hated , / but I won't shut up .    trifle
I must remind myself , now and then , that the entire story need not be breathtaking action . Dialogue , downtime chapters are necessary .    trifle
I have to go to school today ... =.= But i can't . Too bad .. Sigh ~    trifle
I just saw a real live jack rabbit for the first time . I must be somewhere between the middle of nowhere and the boonies !    non-intent
I wanna go home now . Wish I was with my fam . They make me happy !    trifle
i got to turn off the dumb lamp for movie time    event
i should probably get dressed . haha    goods
I want someone to take pictures of me for a change .    event
I want some chocolate sooo bad ..... I may just have to go get me some    food
I am hungry . But we have no Lucky Charms here .... I must work on that    food
I really want sushi right now . * sigh *    food
I need to apply for school . Dang it    career
I think I'm gonna be sad , I think it's today ....    trifle
I wanna give a shout out to the USA Volleyball team for qualifying for the World League finals . Good luck in Serbia guys !!    event
i would not want to be a astronaute .    career
I could sit here and RT links to great CSS/HTML/PHP/GraphicDesign resources all day long . Does this show I have passion about it ?    non-intent
I should get a job as a travel consultant ...    career
i think you should look a gift horse in the mouth .    goods
I need 44 points for a 5.4 for history . When I counted I had like 32 . Crap .    non-intent
I love this jersey so much i might just buy it .    goods
I do what i want ricki !    non-intent
I need a masseuse in columbus who charges very little . Neck pain is going on a week now and has spread to back and shoulder . Any massage ...    event
i really don't like working in the office . copiers , loud talkers .... i can't focus !!!    non-intent
I wanna go bowling .. Anyone wanna take me ?    event
I decided to paint the interior of my house with my friend Tucker . This has disaster written all over it .    event
I think i will go make me some tea ... some yummy tea i bought for 10 bucks an ounce at teavana ...    food
I wanna go to Newbury St. today even in this retard weather ! Lol .    travel
I would like to see Pharrell do his interputation of Bille Jean , I wonder if he would add some Neptune beats or leave it alone ..    trifle
I might or might not be watching This Century on Stickam . No big deal    non-intent
I need all weed smokers 2 follow me    trifle
I need my degree , like now . So I can come home to Texas for good .    career
I just wrestled a bear ..... won't be doing that again .. I think you all should though !    non-intent
I will cry in horror if he does . He old and has a gf u nasty ! Haha    non-intent
I hate having a cell phone . It is a pain in my ass . I forgot I could not charge cell phone ringers on it and my dad got mad at the last bill    non-intent
I think I just ate a chocolate truffle filled with absinthe . Not good    non-intent
I am so thirsty I would almost bite the head off of a live baby kitten for a bottle of water .    food
I mean 5/12 , that's a man ... and 8/12 has eyebrows that say I know you are looking at my todger , see how I use my hands to frame it .    non-intent
I wish I could get paid for making lists of things I hope to do eventually instead of getting paid to actually do them .    non-intent
I am already missing the summer , I have to go back to work on monday after being off for two months    career
I just realized how much having a zippo pushes me to smoke , just because i want to use it .    non-intent
i really slacked on my twitter yesterday .. i took internet off my phone .. so i can only do this shit from the comp ..    non-intent
I want go to the sea in this summer    travel
I can only hope that their lives are not being sacrificed in vain . Hopefully it will not be a repeat of Tiananmen Square . Fight for what is    non-intent
I want a ' I heart LA ' T-shirt now , or a ' I heart SD ' one for San Diego , do they have those ? Lol .    goods
i need a haircut . really really bad . it's kinda ridiculous .    goods
I wanna be in spain !    travel
I always mean what I say if I didn't love ya , trust me I would say it bay    non-intent
I should be playing golf ... It is really tough getting to the course on the weekend .    event
I should be able to knock out this project today .    non-intent
I so want to move to a cold part of San Francisco .    travel
I just cut my hair and I have to say this is the best haircut I've ever done on myself ........ No applause No applause ..    non-intent
I need more time in the day to focus on my blog !    trifle
I just want to travel . I've been to 17 different countries . I want to go to Spain and Australia . I want to go to Iceland ...    travel
I need a hair cut .... and manicure .    goods
i want to talk to you .    trifle
I need to eat now ... hungry !    food
I can now tweet my life away    non-intent
I so wanna visit the new Restaurant City . Please , please , please let me .    food
I want egg and cheese on a roll .    food
i get to see my brother today ! yipeee    trifle
I slept for 12 hours ... I want to take a nap quickly though .    trifle
I finally got my hands on a Red Angus Pilsner . I must say it was as good as the samples said it was back in November last year . Thumbs Up !    non-intent
I want a pair of blue cowboy boots . Help !    goods
I need of a delicious McDonalds lunch ...    food
I have just feeding the dogs , and its still raining . I want to go to Spain . NOW !!!!    travel
I wanna race car drive .    event
I think I just got an offer to write a monthly column in a mens ' magazine ........ I'm floored ....... and awesome ...............    career
i have to say , that all of this time .. i waited for someone like you    non-intent
I going to go to watch t.v on the living ! BYEE ! ♥    trifle
I wanted to b Mrs. Michael Joseph Jackson until I saw New Edition's " Popcorn Love " video 2 years later & switched my crush to Ralph Tresvant    non-intent
I need a crazy soiree , I need a lightheaded moment on the dancefloor when I think I'm really cool and then suddenly stop to find i'm not . Mmm    event
I gotta find my camera I wonder where it is    trifle
I want to travel .....    travel
I might be late to the party but Ryan Reynolds as Hal jordan ? It could work .    non-intent
I hate Sundays . Waiting for it to be 6 so I can go play vollleyballl !    event
I must say with #tweetdeck Being so Glitchy I have been using #twitterific and wondering why I left you my Dear ... I will never Stray again .    non-intent
I want a iced drink !! a sodaaa ... or water !!! grrrrrrrrrr soda !!!!!!! yeaaaa    food
I hope you had a great day , good night    trifle
I think i only use twitter on Fridays ... lovely weekend ahead .. pub crawl dedicated to us , im hearing .    trifle
I really need to see Harry Potter . And Public Enemies . I just hate spending so much money at the theater !    event
I don't plan anything , my friend just called and he said to bring my clothes and passport I AM GOING TO BAHRAIN !!! Tweet ya later <3    travel
I wanna give out my number for y'all to txt me but , I don't think y'all would even do it .    trifle
I think it's time to get off the computer . It's late . The kitties need me . ;)    trifle
I want to rock n roll all night and part of everyday .    event
I need a real job ... like now . Anyone know anyone hiring ?    career
I think I'm going to abandon the computer for the day and focus on making gorgeous things . While watching campy television . Maybe have a salad    trifle
I totally miss seeing Carrie Underwood in concert . I cannot wait until next year .    event
I need a nap but there is no time !    trifle
I really did not know that laundry here would be so difficult . I forgot to remove a stain , and now my shorts have buffalo stains on them . gr    non-intent
I need to go to a good concert soon . Yes , neeeeeed . In a bad way .    event
I want a massage soo bad    goods
I need to clean my car !!!    goods
I wanna learn to play the drums !!    career
I should have gone to law school instead .    career
I think I met someone pretty cool today . =)    non-intent
I wanna go horse back riding again they're so prettyyy    event
i would like to congratulate myself for putting my 5 loads of laundry away now when they were done instead of letting them sit for weeks .    non-intent
I really want to get a haircut atm .    goods
I want some cookies and milk SO bad !    food
I really want to buy a teepee ! if only I had a job and didn't have to rely on the parentals handouts I would go buy one right now !!!    goods
I need to save money !! I need quotas for my trip to Japan !! =D    travel
I SAW MY BABY TRYING AS HARD AS BABE COULD TRYYYYY WHAT I COULD DOOOOO ?    non-intent
I am going to visit my parents and visiting relatives in St. Bernard , Nova Scotia , by the beach ! Hope for nice weather - got Wii in case .    travel
i gotta get outta the house ... working from home can get claustrophobic ....    non-intent
I wanna go to Italy but don't know where exactly , any suggestions ?    travel
I really want a new Macbook Pro ...    goods
I want nachos and cheese !    food
I should slerp with you . Hmm    trifle
I need to dye my hair soon , my roots are showing . Bad news .    goods
I really need a job , am very bored of being unemployed now .    career
I really need a site to watch movies    event
I like to draw , only I can't ...    trifle
I really hope the tigers win 2nite    event
I need a vacation . Someplace warm , sunny , without patients , and with good seafood . Any idea ?    trifle
I keep finding songs for " Music for Dance " though I swear I got rid of them all !    non-intent
I am excited to go on my trip to Sweden , Denmark and Italy . To visit my friends . Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooot !!    travel
I think I hate the entire world .    trifle
I am just checking in . I am about to go upstairs to eat some gold fish ! Lol they taste so yummy !    food
I read the book Coraline and it was intresting . I havent seen the movie yet , but i wonder how it compares .    non-intent
I am going to take a nap , I am way too tired right now . And I haven't even done anything today , just been lazy .. Weird    trifle
I really badly want to pierce my cartilidge and my nose . Now .    goods
I might do yoga in the morning ... hmmm    event
I guess i need some manicure and pedicure . Boo-hoo ugly nails .    goods
I think I will attempt to plant a money tree .    trifle
I was trying to buy the package with the t-shirts and the donation . I felt that was the least I could do since the tickets were free .    goods
I think i have a serious case of insomnia .    trifle
I know you don't need to tell me .    non-intent
I wish you could just hit enter and your tweet would show up . I hate having to hit the update button .    non-intent
I definitely had a dream where I failed an algebra test . Really , Imagination ? I thought you were better than that .    non-intent
I need to finish reading my current book . I've got a new one waiting for pick-up at the library !!!    trifle
I am reading a magazine about London ! I want in London , why I so far away ?? )))    travel
I need another coffee and I'm hungry ! Going to make an delicious meal !    food
I wanna be a civil defense officer , its like a Boy Scout with a squad car and Pepper spray ...    career
I guess i will never really be hip to the jive    non-intent
I think I want a lip ring . What you think ?    goods
I had a nightmare last night , I forgot to end my < p>'s and there was no way to fix it .    non-intent
I really enjoy reading peoples tweets , but I have no followers . I'll have to change that !    trifle
I don't have blood on my hands , but I definitely have blood on my feet .    non-intent
I want to fall in love again ..    trifle
I wanna go home . The BBQ was lots of fun . But I'm still all bummed about my car . I can't focus . And I'm very tired .    trifle
I really want to bake a cake ! I even have special sprinkles and everything !    food
I am so bord , any idee what i could do ?    non-intent
I think I broke my brain last night .    trifle
I WANNA DO SUMTHIN FUN AND DRASTICCCC 2DAY ... WHAT SHOULD I DO ?? WHAT ABOUT A " SEX CHANGE " ... LETS TAKE A VOTE .. HAHA    event
I think I actually felt my heart snap in half . The real pain hasn't set in yet . Still in shock .    trifle
I want a chocolate milkshake w marshmallow fluff so badly ! metal kup , of course    food
I just don't understand my mom .    non-intent
I need to get out of MO and see some beautiful scenery or somethin !    travel
I totally slacked in my total body conditioning class tonight . How will I ever get rock hard abs like that ? Get it together !    non-intent
I need Zaxby's new chicken parmasean sandwich in my life .    food
I think I'm going to take a nap .    trifle
I just wanna say what an awesome game the #Rays played tonight ... enjoyed watching alot #GoRays    event
I think I am unhealthily obsessed with the East Coast . I miss it furiously !!!... but I'm here stuck in Utah , where I'm the only democrat .    travel
I JUST figure out what RT means . Retweet . I swear , I would have never guessed .    non-intent
I want a minature horse as a pet    goods
I love live bands . I still want to learn bass and drums . One day .    career
I think I must be developing seasonal allergies . BLECH .    non-intent
I think i passed my math B exam ! Yay !    non-intent
I knew I should have went to the store . I really need something for this head ache    goods
I want a real summer vacation Joel ! Let's go to London ! Gtfo of New York I'm beginning to hate it here    travel
I definitely slept wrong last night ...    trifle
I am going to change my facebook email to a fake address , so sick of the event spam . Makes no sense you can't block that crap .    trifle
I am still sore from the gym . I really kicked my own ass . Going back on Monday . Must not become a fat cow .    non-intent
I need Papi Thugs to load some new videos .    event
I will hang my head , hang my head low .    non-intent
I should be in Seattle right now on holiday ... but I'm not ... FML    travel
I need to pack for NYC trip in morning . The cat is still failing the packing thing . #petFAIL    travel
I think I'm gonna take that bike trip to Savannah in a couple of weeks . Who wants to let me crash at their spot ?    travel
I think i will bring my Ripstick and skateboard to the beach . Just in case ;]    travel
I want a one way ticket leaving tomorrow to anywhere but here .    travel
I need to find a track by The Preachers of Twilight called ' On The Razor Edge ' . Suggestions , anyone ?    event
I had to stay up til midnight to wish Visor Val Happy Birthday .    trifle
I need a singer that can imitate lilly allen !! Anyone ?? Name ?? Number ?? It's urgent ...    event
I want a RoboPro , someone find me a good price please !    goods
I really don't like people at times .    trifle
I want Nick and Miley to get married !!!! Lol weird i brought that up !    trifle
I guess I will have no choice but to watch golf tomorrow . We could literally see incredible history being made .    event
i could be a chef . just sayin .    career
I need the phone to run your app . #squarespace    trifle
I had to pass up a free trip to Israel with Birthright today . No vacay time ! Next year , mark my word    travel
I am Mad , Very Mad ! I will fight for my Israel .    travel
I think I just got herpes ! Oops !    non-intent
I want to enter high school ...    career
I need help naming my elephant ... & don't say Dumbo ...    trifle
i get to work twice today ! fun fun .    non-intent
I should call him . I miss him .    trifle
I wish I could be with my dad today ..... oh well , Happy Father's Day to my wonderful dad !    trifle
I need a mini vacation that includes sun . Seaside Heights August 4-6 ? I think yessss .    event
I need an entire lifetime just to read .    trifle
I need a job from mid-July - late September in Boise .    career
I really hate Twitter . It's confusing me .    non-intent
i want some new sunglasses    goods
I want to buy everything FACE atelier makes . Period .    goods
I really need a relaxing manicure .    goods
I hope you treat these voters as a gift from God ; step out of your comfort zone and show them how to get active ! #tcot    trifle
I wanna fly to America , exactly to NY or LA . It's my dream . But I'm afraid of flying ;D    travel
I saw him , I hung out with him .. and now I want to erase him from my brain .    trifle
I want to go to Mallorca -.-    travel
I wanna go study abroad in London . Or maybe Australia . Yeeeahhh .    career
I Really Want To Be In An OutDoor Swimming Pool Right Now !! =))    event
I think some dude just asked me if I went to UD . But I totally ignored him & now I'm curious hah    non-intent
I need me some KFC =) I'm hungry be back in a little bit    food
I wanna go to Batu Karas so bad . Right now .    travel
I think life is something you shouldn't take for granted . My aim is to be someone amazing . And I really want to either dance or make music ..    event
I had a yummy breakfast of rice , egg and bacon today . This is just to boost my energy with tons of assignment that I have to finish today .    food
I might miss this flight on purpose to go fishing in the gulf .. hhmmm    event
I really don't know why it is very difficult to have a business deal with twitter , they never reply my email ! This is really frustrating ....    non-intent
I should not have taken that nap . I'm going to be up sooo late tonight studying .    trifle
I WILL KILL TAYLOR SWIFt !!! SHE DOES NOT KISS TAYLOR !!!    trifle
I like to say " I have no knowledge of any such picture and or location nor would I be disposed to discus it "    non-intent
I should run for a government position    career
I want chocolate . And marshmellows . And cold milk .    food
I think i am gonna plan a trip to the Fiji Islands    travel
I want some icecream sooo bad    food
I will erase his number for the 100th time and pretend that it will make a difference .    trifle
I wanna go on a road trip . Mhmm ... I wanna be with my friends    travel
I wish i could tweet about talking to famous people , too , and having crazy plans . Well , guess i could if i wanted . hmmmm    trifle
I hope i get a job there and then it can happen ♥    career
I can’t see you though I think you face in this direction .    non-intent
I BET YOU CANT GUESS WHO ?????????????    non-intent
I need a hair cut !!!!    goods
I want a new kitten now    goods
I just got served ... some dude just came to my house and gave me a summons paper saying i will be sued by the hospital . fml .    non-intent
I am so excited to eat some delicious Mexican food . Jalepenos in Peru is off the chain !    food
I hope to do more shopping this weekend but not likely .    goods
I need to eat some fruit today before I get scurvy . And an orange 5 Hour Energy shot doesn't count .    food
I WANT TO DANCE omg it is midnight and i am so energetic its ridiculous !!    event
I have to wear heels instead of wedges .. I think , whatever I still have to wear them for my aunt's wedding .    goods
I really want this company to spring for a trip to Molokai . So much more than lepers !    travel
I want an at&t eternity soooo bad .    goods
I know what I have to do , I just have to figure out how to do it .    non-intent
I need a hug this morning . Anyone giving out hugs ?    event
I must try Pop Burger soon    food
I wish I could speak French in Russian .    career
I think I need a nap !!    trifle
I want a small flock of chickens for my urban back yard .    goods
I tried to fake a s'more using a microwave and some Fluff . It was a complete bust .    non-intent
i want to see Up the movie    event
I wanna go to a baseball game and get a hot dog    event
I hope I get that jeep    goods
I know I just didn't know how to do it lol    non-intent
I think I spelled it wrong there ....    non-intent
I can't believe they killed him I want say who because I don't wanna tell the movie    non-intent
i wanna finish reading all of the harrypotter books .... no , i WILL .    event
I need an iPhone #swaptree    goods
I need a job . Anyone know one that's easy and pays good ? Lol    career
i can only hope that no robots were harmed in the making of this film    non-intent
I need a pedicure , and bad before we go anywhere on Thursday . Also , vacation coming up ! WOOOT .    goods
I don't think I will be able to water my plants anymore . Just the thought of snakes gives me the willies !!!    non-intent
I hate having to sacrifice correct grammar and punctuation to get what I have to say in the box .    non-intent
I need some sort of activist t-shirt , anybody have any or any ideas ?    goods
I hope I never get acne ...    trifle
I think I should go to the beach this weekend    travel
I rlly wanna eat huge strawberry .. But it's so expensive ... Huhuhu .. I think they dun have it in Makassar .. It's so delicious .. rlly sweet    food
I hate packing . Going to London was supposed to make me realize that I could pack relatively lightly . Ha . Lesson not learned .    non-intent
I really want to see Daft Punk live again ...    event
I would really like to be a successful matchmaker . It's not that I'm not successful , I'm just not one at all . This should change .    career
I hope people like my test , I tried to make it not too dumb ^^'    trifle
I need a jobbbb . anywhere hiring ?    career
I need to find a doctor I hate walk in clinics    goods
i want to go shopping for the Atl trip , but i don't need to . i still have clothes with tags on the , & shoes only worn once . =/    goods
I Can See I Will Be Leaving early smfh    non-intent
I need a nap . A nice long nap . #fb    trifle
I must have my laptop fixed .......    goods
I never realized how many marketing plans I would need to write while getting wan mba .    career
I need a job . Anyone know who's hiring ?    career
I think I been watchin too much true crime tv lately ... got my dogs sickin ' the door at the wind now paranoid as hell ! lol    non-intent
I havent seen a Tiny chat link in a while .    non-intent
i want to go to the beach !!!! 36 more day til panama city !!!!!!!!    travel
I really need to talk nd no one will reply nd one person said tht they didnt want to talk ... im gonna go cry now    non-intent
i think i said too many words . there is nothing i can say anymore than ; i am sorry , i loved you and you didnt notice it .    non-intent
I finally got to take a nap today !! The world seems like a much happier place now .    trifle
I could go see the new Harry Potter right now at Cinema Latino . I've read the book , surely I can figure out context from visual cues .    event
I wanna kiss you . but I'm too shy because my friends think you'r ugly !    trifle
I had a two week holiday - I didn't work those two weeks - but I went to church and worked there - why didn't I go to queensland ??    travel
I really need to go to that concert of Tokio Hotel , I hope they are going to give more information about it >_< #humanoid    event
I want some new ink .    goods
I am soo hungry . I want sum of my famous tortilla soup that i made for dinner tonight . should I ? nah ... ok , maybe just a little . ha !    food
I really need inspiration .    trifle
I need a boat . It's SO pretty outside , perfect day to be on a boat . * sigh *    goods
I don't know what I could write . xD I'm bored in a way . -.-* What could I do ...?    non-intent
I really don't like video games ...    non-intent
I should be editing .. instead I am watching the secret life of an American teenager .    non-intent
I think I forgot how to relax .    trifle
I really don't think he's dead    non-intent
I need chocolate . I NEED IT NOWWWW .    food
I need some anti-shart medicine , that was a close one .    goods
I wanna see Harry Potter at the IMAX . Lets go !    event
I must get that Tegan and Sara book . asdfghjkl .    goods
I had to give the bank money ($1 ) to close an unused account here - RIDICULOUS . -Kelly    non-intent
I am going to ride my bike to Canada .    travel
I want to take a road trip to NOLA !!    travel
I might not be the smoothest piece of wood but I know how to make a piece of furniture .    non-intent
i want to try out ubuntu linux SW but i have come across some problems . has one using ubuntu .. pls let me know    goods
I really don't believe mike is dead ! He was only 50 ! Outlived his parents !    non-intent
I should be on vacation enjoying Florida right now , but sadly I am cursed to work 7 days a week at all hours of the day and night .    travel
I need toddler high heels n nail polish    event
I could really use a stress reliver . I'm hearing some good things about heroin , think I'll try that    non-intent
I need help - what would you call a whimsical , pretty , little party planning / event coordinating business ?    event
I am trying to learn the Scottish accent . Sexiest accent in the history of language if you ask me .    career
I really want to bake cookies .    food
I am bored outta my mind !! I need a job and need it soon !! There are several places in town hiring but not getting calls ! UUUGGGHHH    career
I want to go to New York City ... and stay there forever !    travel
i need a life outside of twitter haha    non-intent
I could just eat something nice .    food
I need a pedicure . Hubby says I can get one in Cancun ... what do you think ?!    goods
I baked a Pizza , please come for a piece of my pie ... Yummy . I will talk to all of you later , keep up with good work and body . Big smile    food
I try to close my application at my school . I apply at a far cheaper state school . School 1 tries to keep me but hasn't told me anything yet    career
I want pancakes ! Haha I deserve it , I went on a bike ride this morning . What horrible logic .. haha    food
I hope they have the strength to endure this very tragic time    trifle
I need summer vacation seriously otherwise my brain's ganna die soon !    travel
I need another life in another dimension ... Something more adventures and fun .    trifle
I really want some Starbucks !! Mmmmmmm !    food
I know you can see this Kevin    non-intent
I AM TRYING TO BELIEVE .    trifle
I wanna be perfect just like you    trifle
I want me some cookies , some choco chip cooks .. And a klondike bar    food
I think I might get my haircut b4 I go on vacation . I did want to wait till my current hair was longer but I'm sick of the same style .    goods
I want 2 go 2 da beach    travel
I took full advantage of , being taken full advantage of . I took what I could get , and eventually it took the place of love .    non-intent
I really need to learn to wake up earlier .    trifle
I really need to get off here and get ready .... efff .    trifle
I think I bruised my hand when I punched the wall . Stupid parents piss me off .    non-intent
I think I ate the yummiest plum EVER !    food
i think i need a life coach    career
I need to stay out of the " snack " section of the store when Ive had coffee for breakfast AND lunch .    food
i need to stop wasting money on tween girl magazines =(    goods
I really want to go running ...    event
I really wish i wasnt awake right noww .    trifle
I really don't know why I'm following William Shatner . He's pretty boring .    non-intent
I am going to college in style ! Whoop whoop !!    career
I need a slip and slide in the backyard today !    trifle
I could run it from 11pm to like 5am ... for those with the late night baked good craving    non-intent
I want some mac and cheese but 2 hot 4 da oven    food
I come out of this night having learned many things . Most prescient , the dance clubs I attend are extremely boring , apparently .    non-intent
i think I was a hippie in one of my past lives !    non-intent
I have been productive today . When was the last time I could say that !?!?    non-intent
I was suppose to go see my boyfriend but I took so long getting ready he left out !!! Ha ha ha I didn't wanna c his not on point ass anwa ...    non-intent
I need a new hobby ....    trifle
I wanna watch up .. up .. up .. up .. up ..    career
i was going to get a converter box in feburary but i found out that my tv is digital . i found out accidentally    goods
I need a massage ... where's the closest spa !!?    goods
I would like to bottle the energy of children and sell it on the black market please . I could make a fortune !    trifle
I only sneeze when I'm at work , so I have concluded that I must be allergic to work .    non-intent
I need a new Lady Gaga album STAT !    goods
I wanna go swimming but if lil niglets can't go swimming in PA , I can hang it up !    event
I think I just bought tickets to the midnight showing of Harry Potter ...    event
I Really Want A Delicious Chocolate !!!    food
I gotta tell you joel osteen got me fired up today    non-intent
I wanna do something tonight . Someone , invite me somewhere . Now .    trifle
I wanna go to the USA !!    travel
I got to school entirely too early . Waiting for the teacher to get here .    non-intent
I have to write good-bye letters for my China people .    trifle
I hate doing administration ! I want to create something , not destroy my brain ...    trifle
I am going to extend my stay in Paris by a week ... for the love of cats .    travel
I really need my sister right now    trifle
I learned how to use a tracker for the first time . Felt like a desiptakon lol i think i spelt it wrong .    non-intent
I have the worst luck with traffic . We have made a 3 or 4 hour drive a 6 hour drive both ways so far . I must be hated by someone ...    non-intent
I will be out of a job and unable to complete school and my son won't have education bcuz preschool is so expensive !    career
I will worship You for who You are , Jesus !    non-intent
I will never understand why I keep getting these wicked headaches ...    non-intent
I think im gonna go make me a delicious turkey cheese and tomato sandwich . sounds delicious . ohh . i cant forget the mayonaise !    food
i am going to buy a giant house that i can live in with my sisters and their children .    goods
I guess i should just give up and stop fightin a loosing battle ..    trifle
I need some fruit , strawberries and an Apple maybe ? Yum , fruit cocktail !    food
I will never stop listening to this song . Place in this world - Taylor Swift . <3    event
I want to buy i-phone .    goods
I wanted to see dancing , MJ style !!    event
I wanna drink . Let's drinkkkk . Hahaha .    food
I really miss Australia is a beautiful country But the danger is that I am afraid for kangeroe's otherwise it was really fun    travel
I tell BF I need to say something nice today about him on Twitter . His reply ? " I''m a limited source to work with for saying good things . "    non-intent
I want Bob back on Twitter ... I miss him ... and I'm sad for him , cuz he loved Dixie . It'll be okay , Bob , I promise . =(    trifle
I wanna go to N.Y. right now !!!!!!!!!!!!!!    travel
I need a massage a.s.a.p. Any takers ?    goods
I would like to get a type writer ...    goods
I don't fall easily . It's to hard on on the knees . But if I did it's just one more way I could please . I'm not one 2 brag but I'm the shit .    non-intent
I wanna go back and take a 6-hour nap just like yesterday . heh    trifle
I am trying to find a job ..... endless applications and job placement centers    career
I want to be a spokesperson for hitachi magic wand !!! LOL    career
I am so tired from cleaning my house today . Think I will do a little shopping tomorrow since its no tax in GA . I cant wait .... Then workout !    goods
I want to be offered a well compensated job that I qualify for ...    career
i want to kill u !!!    trifle
i may need help with this digital switchover . do i need a new antenna ???    goods
I really want to go to the New England Aquarium again and see the new Marine Mammal Center !!!    travel
I may need a little holiday .......... it's 40 degrees here in Italy and my mind is exploding !    travel
I forgot to mention , today was my first volleyball practice after holidays . OMG It was a disaster ! I have never played so badly .    event
I need a job ! Anyone know anywhere that's hiring ?    career
I really want to go to great brittian and/or australia !    travel
I am sooooooooooooo hungry ...... and bored !! I want to go to McDonalds or SubWay ...... yummy !!    food
I guess ill go swimming . Lol .    event
I forgot to tell youll " nikki parker " and me been having good days    non-intent
I should turn you in right now .    non-intent
I think I'm going to go buy seasons 2-4 of The Hills . I'll just watch that since the show is now gonna go to hell with Kristin ...    event
i wanna be a TV extra any ideas on how i can do this ?    career
I WANNA GO TO CINEMA WITH MY BFF'S    event
I think I found my dream girl =) damn .    trifle
i want a new purse !! should i say big bag , i love big hand bags !!! =]    goods
I need a professional massage . My body is beat up something terrible .    goods
I want bread . Preferably in baguette form . ( Ooh ! WITH CHEESE ! ) I think I might need to go to the shop ....    food
I think I have a hangover . My stomach hurts .    non-intent
I forgot to bring a lunch today . Crap .    food
I really want some cold stone ice cream . Or a milkshake .    food
I have a crush . I will rape him raw if I get the chance .    trifle
I really don't get why Twitter doesn't correctly parse ampersands in the user profiles .    non-intent
I need to go to the gym like now ... I need a morning smoothie !!!    event
I think I just saved my " masterpiece " .    non-intent
I think I got a job . Not definite yet though but damn close . Im gonna be a car salesman ! lol . Its great money though and Im used to long ...    career
I should go to the bathroom now .    trifle
I really wish these annoucers would shut up about Crosby . Every other sentence is about him .    non-intent
I need to cut my damn toe nails .... Lol    trifle
I am about to go eat at ihop ..... Yummy ... Then im goin to workout .... yea get in some cardio and rarely b on twitter this shit sucks !!!    food
I want all of my homework to magically be done ...    trifle
I WANNA DANCE .......!!!!!    event
I wanna kiss you , but if i do then i might miss you babe . It's complicated and stupid , got my ass SQUEEZED by sexy cupid    trifle
I really don't know when to stop do i ?    non-intent
I think I want to move to a new city .... Any ideas ??    travel
i tried to sing but it sounded like a dying cat .    non-intent
I shall wear a jewel encrusted glove and take a monkey to work by way of homage .    trifle
I keep getting letters from NYU , and I wanna go so badly ! I can't believe they offer so few scholarships . I'm just not happy w/ Uni of Bama .    career
I need to do some shopping tomo .... I think I will start at the apple store , I need a new laptop case    goods
i wanna be where YOU are    trifle
I finished my Externship last night now I can go back to a normal life !!!    trifle
I am happy to be in Australia , although we all share the same space their seems to be an underlying silence you can hear here . It's beautiful    travel
I think I had to much coffee today , so shaky .    non-intent
i may stay up all night !    trifle
I wana go back in time . I think i made the wrong decision !    trifle
I gotta peee ! and eventually eat ..    trifle
I apologize to people I should be following and share ideas with I am blocked by the " agressive " policy of tweeter paranoia of an other age    non-intent
I want a job . But not just any job , that's the problem . I could probably get a sales job , but in all honesty , I don't want one .    career
i wanna get a big michael jackson picture for my wall .    goods
I havent been this tired in a long time ... and we're still not done .    non-intent
I thinkvthe Vikings should take a chance on Michael Vick since Brett Favre left them hanging . I would say Vick's skill alone is a good risk .    non-intent
I want a big yummy lunch . 1000 dollars . And some new jeans    food
I wanna go to Japan this October . grrrr .    travel
